
## com: Overstock

Total hits: `261`

Dockets hit: `708, 727, 772, 777, 778, 781, 790, 791, 795, 877, 905, 908, 910, 919, 923, 924, 934, 938, 943, 945, 952, 959, 964, 966, 985, 989, 991, 998, 1005, 1012, 1021, 1022, 1025, 1034, 1044, 1079, 1088, 1094, 1109, 1111, 1113, 1117, 1152, 1161, 1172, 1174, 1176, 1177, 1178, 1180, 1181, 1209, 1273, 1274, 1275, 1294, 1313, 1314, 1352`

### ./BBBY/dockets/1352.pdf
***[1352. Overstock 4.]*** Welcome Marks License. Seller hereby assigns to Buyer Seller’s rights primarily related to the Business under the license granted in Section 8.8 of that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., `Overstock`.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto. Buyer shall comply with the obligations set forth therein, including the requirement that any licensed communications include a reasonably clear statement that such “Welcome Rewards” earned at buyb

***[1352. Overstock 3.]*** er parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use of such Trademark is material to the Business as of the Effective Date, except the “Welcome Rewards” Trademarks and related program of business assets purchased by `Overstock`.com, Inc. and the legacy program of the same name offered by Sellers in relation to the Business. (g) Sellers have taken commercially reasonable steps and have implemented commercially reasonable safeguards, in a manner consistent with industry stan

***[1352. Overstock 2.]*** nse to any third party of any material Business IP. (f) To the Knowledge of Sellers, no assets purchased by Overstock.com, Inc., from Sellers under that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., `Overstock`.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use of such Trademark is material to the Business as of the Effective Date, except the “Welcome Rewards” Trademarks and related program of busine

***[1352. Overstock 1.]*** l Property of any other Person. (e) The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in the grant of any right or license to any third party of any material Business IP. (f) To the Knowledge of Sellers, no assets purchased by `Overstock`.com, Inc., from Sellers under that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., Overstock.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use


### ./BBBY/dockets/1314.pdf
***[1314. Overstock 4.]*** Welcome Marks License. Seller hereby assigns to Buyer Seller’s rights primarily related to the Business under the license granted in Section 8.8 of that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., `Overstock`.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto. Buyer shall comply with the obligations set forth therein, including the requirement that any licensed communications include a reasonably clear statement that such “Welcome Rewards” earned at buyb

***[1314. Overstock 3.]*** er parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use of such Trademark is material to the Business as of the Effective Date, except the “Welcome Rewards” Trademarks and related program of business assets purchased by `Overstock`.com, Inc. and the legacy program of the same name offered by Sellers in relation to the Business. (g) Sellers have taken commercially reasonable steps and have implemented commercially reasonable safeguards, in a manner consistent with industry stan

***[1314. Overstock 2.]*** nse to any third party of any material Business IP. (f) To the Knowledge of Sellers, no assets purchased by Overstock.com, Inc., from Sellers under that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., `Overstock`.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use of such Trademark is material to the Business as of the Effective Date, except the “Welcome Rewards” Trademarks and related program of busine

***[1314. Overstock 1.]*** l Property of any other Person. (e) The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in the grant of any right or license to any third party of any material Business IP. (f) To the Knowledge of Sellers, no assets purchased by `Overstock`.com, Inc., from Sellers under that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., Overstock.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use


### ./BBBY/dockets/1313.pdf
***[1313. overstock 2.]*** ice Proskauer Rose LLP Eleven Times Square New York, NY 10036 David M. Hillman Megan R. Volin dhillman@proskauer.com mvolin@proskauer.com Overstock.com, Inc. Chief Legal Officer and Corporation Secretary 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 gnickle@`overstock`.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52 Street New York, NY 10019 Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie skcharles@wlrk.com msbenn@wlrk.com gsmoodie@wlrk.com Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, N

***[1313. Overstock 1.]*** 2 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 4 Name and Address of Party Served Relationship of Party to the Case Mode of Service Proskauer Rose LLP Eleven Times Square New York, NY 10036 David M. Hillman Megan R. Volin dhillman@proskauer.com mvolin@proskauer.com `Overstock`.com, Inc. Chief Legal Officer and Corporation Secretary 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 gnickle@overstock.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52 Street New York, NY 10019 Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie skcharles@wlrk.


### ./BBBY/dockets/1294.pdf
***[1294. overstock 2.]*** .szanzer@davispolk.com Attn: Michael Pera Email: michael.pera@davispolk.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Stalking Horse Bidder: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Email: gnickle@`overstock`.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Counsel to the Committee: Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 Attn: Robert J. Feinstein Email: rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com Attn: Bradford J. Sandler Email: bsandler@pszjl

***[1294. Overstock 1.]*** en Email: adam.shpeen@davispolk.com Attn: Steven Z. Szanzer Email: steven.szanzer@davispolk.com Attn: Michael Pera Email: michael.pera@davispolk.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Stalking Horse Bidder: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Email: gnickle@overstock.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Counsel to the Committee: Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 Attn: Robert J. Feinstein Emai


### ./BBBY/dockets/1275.pdf
***[1275. Overstock 4.]*** Welcome Marks License. Seller hereby assigns to Buyer Seller’s rights primarily related to the Business under the license granted in Section 8.8 of that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., `Overstock`.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto. Buyer shall comply with the obligations set forth therein, including the requirement that any licensed communications include a reasonably clear statement that such “Welcome Rewards” earned at buyb

***[1275. Overstock 3.]*** er parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use of such Trademark is material to the Business as of the Effective Date, except the “Welcome Rewards” Trademarks and related program of business assets purchased by `Overstock`.com, Inc. and the legacy program of the same name offered by Sellers in relation to the Business. (g) Sellers have taken commercially reasonable steps and have implemented commercially reasonable safeguards, in a manner consistent with industry stan

***[1275. Overstock 2.]*** nse to any third party of any material Business IP. (f) To the Knowledge of Sellers, no assets purchased by Overstock.com, Inc., from Sellers under that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., `Overstock`.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use of such Trademark is material to the Business as of the Effective Date, except the “Welcome Rewards” Trademarks and related program of busine

***[1275. Overstock 1.]*** l Property of any other Person. (e) The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in the grant of any right or license to any third party of any material Business IP. (f) To the Knowledge of Sellers, no assets purchased by `Overstock`.com, Inc., from Sellers under that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., Overstock.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use


### ./BBBY/dockets/1274.pdf
***[1274. Overstock 2.]*** s for the Assumption and Assignment of Contracts and Leases, (B) Authorizing the Assumption and Assignment of Assumed Contracts, (C) Authorizing the Sale of Assets and (D) Granting Related Relief filed at Docket No. 29-1. 5 As used herein, the term “`Overstock` Sale Order Declaration” means the Declaration of Christian Tempke in Support of Entry of an Order (I) Approving the Sale of Acquired Assets Free and Clear of all Claims, Liens, Rights, Interests, and Encumbrances, (II) Authorizing the Debtors to Ent

***[1274. Overstock 1.]*** ters in a number of chapter 11 cases. 9. I have a B.A. in economics from Northwestern University. I hold a Series 24 and Series 79 Investment Banking Representative license. The Marketing Process 10. As described in the Kurtz Declaration 4 and in my `Overstock` Sale Order Declaration,5 leading up to the Debtors’ chapter 11 filing, the Debtors engaged in an extensive and thorough prepetition marketing process in pursuit of a value-maximizing transaction for all or a portion of the Debtors’ assets. Prior to 


### ./BBBY/dockets/1273.pdf
***[1273. Overstock 4.]***  Main Document Page 25 of 41 Exhibit F Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1273 Filed 07/10/23 Entered 07/10/23 13:07:29 Desc Main Document Page 26 of 41 Exhibit F Overstock Service List Served via first class mail NAME ADRID 12997572 Overstock.com, Inc. 12997575 `Overstock`.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz ADDRESS 1 Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate S ADDRESS 2 799 W. Coliseum Way Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn ADDRESS 3 STATE UT Gordon S. Moodie 51 West 52nd Street New York NY CITY Midvale ADDRES

***[1273. Overstock 3.]*** ntered 07/10/23 13:07:29 Desc Main Document Page 25 of 41 Exhibit F Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1273 Filed 07/10/23 Entered 07/10/23 13:07:29 Desc Main Document Page 26 of 41 Exhibit F Overstock Service List Served via first class mail NAME ADRID 12997572 `Overstock`.com, Inc. 12997575 Overstock.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz ADDRESS 1 Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate S ADDRESS 2 799 W. Coliseum Way Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn ADDRESS 3 STATE UT Gordon S. Moodie 51 West 52nd Street Ne

***[1273. Overstock 2.]*** MD 3339 SUITE 206 SUITE 220 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1273 Filed 07/10/23 Entered 07/10/23 13:07:29 Desc Main Document Page 25 of 41 Exhibit F Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1273 Filed 07/10/23 Entered 07/10/23 13:07:29 Desc Main Document Page 26 of 41 Exhibit F `Overstock` Service List Served via first class mail NAME ADRID 12997572 Overstock.com, Inc. 12997575 Overstock.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz ADDRESS 1 Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate S ADDRESS 2 799 W. Coliseum Way Attn: Scott K. Charles Mic

***[1273. Overstock 1.]*** vice List attached hereto as Exhibit C; via First Class Mail on the Banks Service List attached hereto as Exhibit D; via First Class Mail on the Unsecured Creditors Committee Service List attached hereto as Exhibit E: and via First Class Mail on the `Overstock` Service List attached hereto as Exhibit F. On June 27, 2023, at my direction and under my supervision, employees of Kroll caused the Notice of Filing of Revised Order to be served via email on the Affected Landlords Email Service List attached heret


### ./BBBY/dockets/1209.pdf
***[1209. Overstock 1.]*** 23 Bed Bath and Beyond Inc. Asset Sales/Section 363/Use, Sale & Disp Invoice Number: Matter Number: 1050080203 53510-10 Date Name 05/31/23 Ross J. Fiedler 05/31/23 Max M. Freedman Hours Description 1.60 Telephone conference with S. Toth, K&E team re `Overstock` APA (.5); correspond with E. Geier, K&E team, Lazard re sale process (.3); correspond with C. Dale re sale milestones (.2); telephone conferences with Proskauer, Lazard re same (.3); review transition services agreement (.3). 1.10 Conference with B.


### ./BBBY/dockets/1181.pdf
***[1181. Overstock 1.]*** rs’ Committee) Scott K. Charles, Esquire Michael S. Benn, Esquire Gordon S. Moodie, Esquire Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com (Counsel to Stalking Horse Bidder, `Overstock`.com) Joshua A. Sussberg, Esquire Emily E. Geier, Esquire Derek I. Hunter, Esquire Ross J. Fiedler, Esquire Kirkland & Ellis LLP 601 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10022 Joshua.sussberg@kirkland.com Emily.geier@kirkland.com Derek.hunter@kirkland


### ./BBBY/dockets/1180.pdf
***[1180. Overstock 1.]*** om Michael.pera@davispolk.com (Counsel to Prepetition ABL Agent) Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 skcharles@wlrk.com msbenn@wlrk.com gsmoodie@wlrk.com (Counsel to `Overstock`.com) Jason Wooten Lazard Fréres & Co, LLC 30 Rockefeller Plaza New York, NY jason.wooten@lazard.com christian.tempke@lazard.com (Counsel to Investment Banker) David M. Hillman Megan R. Violin Proskauer Rose LLP Eleven Times Square New York, NY 10035


### ./BBBY/dockets/1178.pdf
***[1178. overstock 2.]*** .szanzer@davispolk.com Attn: Michael Pera Email: michael.pera@davispolk.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Stalking Horse Bidder: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Email: gnickle@`overstock`.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Counsel to the Committee: Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 Attn: Robert J. Feinstein Email: rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com Attn: Bradford J. Sandler Email: bsandler@pszjl

***[1178. Overstock 1.]*** en Email: adam.shpeen@davispolk.com Attn: Steven Z. Szanzer Email: steven.szanzer@davispolk.com Attn: Michael Pera Email: michael.pera@davispolk.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Stalking Horse Bidder: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Email: gnickle@overstock.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Counsel to the Committee: Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 Attn: Robert J. Feinstein Emai


### ./BBBY/dockets/1177.pdf
***[1177. overstock 2.]*** .szanzer@davispolk.com Attn: Michael Pera Email: michael.pera@davispolk.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Stalking Horse Bidder: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Email: gnickle@`overstock`.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Counsel to the Committee: Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 Attn: Robert J. Feinstein Email: rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com Attn: Bradford J. Sandler Email: bsandler@pszjl

***[1177. Overstock 1.]*** en Email: adam.shpeen@davispolk.com Attn: Steven Z. Szanzer Email: steven.szanzer@davispolk.com Attn: Michael Pera Email: michael.pera@davispolk.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Stalking Horse Bidder: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Email: gnickle@overstock.com VIA ECF Noticing and/or VIA Email Counsel to the Committee: Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 Attn: Robert J. Feinstein Emai


### ./BBBY/dockets/1176.pdf
***[1176. Overstock 1.]*** ee) a. Robert F. Feinstein (rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com) b. Bradford J. Sandler (bsandler@pszjlaw.com) c. Paul J. Labov (plabov@pszjlaw.com) d. Colin R. Robinson (crobinson@pszjlaw.com) 7. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz (Counsel to Stalking Horse Bidder, `Overstock`.com) a. Scott K. Charles (SKCharles@wlrk.com) b. Michael S. Benn (MSBenn@wlrk.com) c. Gordon S. Moodie (GSMoodie@wlrk.com) 


### ./BBBY/dockets/1174.pdf
***[1174. Overstock 1.]*** /23 Entered 07/03/23 16:40:38 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 22 11. On June 23, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice of Amendment of Cure Objection Deadline [Dkt. No. 952], which, among other things, clarified that the Debtors’ sale of certain assets to `Overstock`.com, Inc. only contemplated limited contract assignments but no lease assignments, and extended the cure objection deadline for all leases on the Cure Notice to July 5, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. ET. OBJECTION A. The Proposed Cure Amounts Are Subject to Chan


### ./BBBY/dockets/1172.pdf
***[1172. Overstock 1.]*** mmittee) Scott K. Charles, Esquire Michael S. Benn, Esquire Gordon S. Moodie, Esquire Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, New York 10019 SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com (Counsel to Stalking Horse Bidder, `Overstock`.com) 


### ./BBBY/dockets/1161.pdf
***[1161. Overstock 7.]***  representatives, all as of the Effective Date. Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1161 Filed 06/30/23 Entered 07/01/23 00:14:55 Desc Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 97 of 103 `Overstock`.com, Inc. By: Name: Title: (cid:47)(cid:48)(cid:49) (cid:47)(cid:48)(cid:49) [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1161 Filed 06/30/23 Entered 07/01/23 00:14:55 Desc Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 98 of 103 ANNEX A Su

***[1161. overstock 6.]*** ectronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com E-Mail: -47- C

***[1161. Overstock 5.]*** tive Party at the number, electronic mail address or street address, as applicable, set forth below, or at such other number, electronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 1

***[1161. Overstock 4.]*** e” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “Confidentiality Agreement” means that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, by and between Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc. and `Overstock`.com, Inc. “Consent” means any approval, consent, ratification, permission, waiver, Governmental Authorization or other authorization, or an Order of the Bankruptcy Court that renders unnecessary the same. “Contract” means any contract, agreement, un

***[1161. Overstock 3.]*** 3-13359-VFP Doc 1161 Filed 06/30/23 Entered 07/01/23 00:14:55 Desc Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 43 of 103 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of June 12, 2023 (the “Effective Date”), by and among `Overstock`.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Buyer”), and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., a New York corporation (“BBBY”), and certain Subsidiaries of BBBY set forth on Annex A hereto (collectively and together with BBBY and each other Subsidiary of BBBY that has a 

***[1161. OVERSTOCK 2.]*** sset Purchase Agreement 38 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1161 Filed 06/30/23 Entered 07/01/23 00:14:55 Desc Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 39 of 103 EXECUTION VERSION ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JUNE 12, 2023 BY AND AMONG BED BATH & BEYOND INC., `OVERSTOCK`.COM, INC. AND THE OTHER PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO KE 97316667.15 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1161 Filed 06/30/23 Entered 07/01/23 00:14:55 Desc Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 40 of 103 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS .......................

***[1161. Overstock 1.]*** Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (as may be amended, supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement”),2 by and among certain of the Debtors (the “Sellers”) and `Overstock`.com, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Purchaser”), and all other Transaction Documents, (b) authorizing and approving the sale (collectively, and including all actions taken or required to be taken in conne


### ./BBBY/dockets/1152.pdf
***[1152. Overstock 4.]*** Welcome Marks License. Seller hereby assigns to Buyer Seller’s rights primarily related to the Business under the license granted in Section 8.8 of that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., `Overstock`.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto. Buyer shall comply with the obligations set forth therein, including the requirement that any licensed communications include a reasonably clear statement that such “Welcome Rewards” earned at buyb

***[1152. Overstock 3.]*** er parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use of such Trademark is material to the Business as of the Effective Date, except the “Welcome Rewards” Trademarks and related program of business assets purchased by `Overstock`.com, Inc. and the legacy program of the same name offered by Sellers in relation to the Business. (g) Sellers have taken commercially reasonable steps and have implemented commercially reasonable safeguards, in a manner consistent with industry stan

***[1152. Overstock 2.]*** nse to any third party of any material Business IP. (f) To the Knowledge of Sellers, no assets purchased by Overstock.com, Inc., from Sellers under that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., `Overstock`.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use of such Trademark is material to the Business as of the Effective Date, except the “Welcome Rewards” Trademarks and related program of busine

***[1152. Overstock 1.]*** l Property of any other Person. (e) The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in the grant of any right or license to any third party of any material Business IP. (f) To the Knowledge of Sellers, no assets purchased by `Overstock`.com, Inc., from Sellers under that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2023, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., Overstock.com, Inc., and the other parties signatory thereto, bear any Trademarks constituting Business IP, where use


### ./BBBY/dockets/1117.pdf
***[1117. Overstock 7.]*** duly authorized representatives, all as of the Effective Date. Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1117 Filed 06/28/23 Entered 06/28/23 08:55:21 Desc Main Document Page 97 of 102 `Overstock`.com, Inc. By: Name: Title: [●] [●] [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1117 Filed 06/28/23 Entered 06/28/23 08:55:21 Desc Main Document Page 98 of 102 ANNEX A Subsidiary Sellers Annex A Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1117 Filed

***[1117. overstock 6.]*** ectronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com E-Mail: -47- C

***[1117. Overstock 5.]*** tive Party at the number, electronic mail address or street address, as applicable, set forth below, or at such other number, electronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 1

***[1117. Overstock 4.]*** e” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “Confidentiality Agreement” means that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, by and between Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc. and `Overstock`.com, Inc. “Consent” means any approval, consent, ratification, permission, waiver, Governmental Authorization or other authorization, or an Order of the Bankruptcy Court that renders unnecessary the same. “Contract” means any contract, agreement, un

***[1117. Overstock 3.]*** nt -iii- Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1117 Filed 06/28/23 Entered 06/28/23 08:55:21 Desc Main Document Page 43 of 102 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of June 12, 2023 (the “Effective Date”), by and among `Overstock`.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Buyer”), and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., a New York corporation (“BBBY”), and certain Subsidiaries of BBBY set forth on Annex A hereto (collectively and together with BBBY and each other Subsidiary of BBBY that has a 

***[1117. OVERSTOCK 2.]*** 102 Exhibit 1 Asset Purchase Agreement 38 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1117 Filed 06/28/23 Entered 06/28/23 08:55:21 Desc Main Document Page 39 of 102 EXECUTION VERSION ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JUNE 12, 2023 BY AND AMONG BED BATH & BEYOND INC., `OVERSTOCK`.COM, INC. AND THE OTHER PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO KE 97316667.15 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1117 Filed 06/28/23 Entered 06/28/23 08:55:21 Desc Main Document Page 40 of 102 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS ......................................

***[1117. Overstock 1.]*** Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (as may be amended, supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement”),2 by and among certain of the Debtors (the “Sellers”) and `Overstock`.com, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Purchaser”), and all other Transaction Documents, (b) authorizing and approving the sale (collectively, and including all actions taken or required to be taken in conne


### ./BBBY/dockets/1113.pdf
***[1113. Overstock 6.]*** rvice List Served as set forth below ADRID NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE ZIP EMAIL 12997572 Overstock.com, Inc, . Attn: chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale UT 84047 gnickle@overstock.com 12997575 `Overstock`.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie 51 West 52nd Street New York NY 10019 skcharles@wlrk.com msbenn@wlrk.com gsmoodie@wlrk.com METHOD OF SERVICE Email on June 19, 2023 and First Class Mail

***[1113. overstock 5.]***  Overstock.com, Inc. Service List Served as set forth below ADRID NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE ZIP EMAIL 12997572 Overstock.com, Inc, . Attn: chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale UT 84047 gnickle@`overstock`.com 12997575 Overstock.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie 51 West 52nd Street New York NY 10019 skcharles@wlrk.com msbenn@wlrk.com gsmoodie@wlrk.com METHOD OF SERVICE Email on June 19, 20

***[1113. Overstock 4.]*** ase 23-13359-VFP Doc 1113 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 23:34:29 Desc Main Document Page 27 of 27 Exhibit F Overstock.com, Inc. Service List Served as set forth below ADRID NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE ZIP EMAIL 12997572 `Overstock`.com, Inc, . Attn: chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale UT 84047 gnickle@overstock.com 12997575 Overstock.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie 51 West 52nd Street 

***[1113. Overstock 3.]***  23-13359 (VFP) Page 1 of 1 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1113 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 23:34:29 Desc Main Document Page 26 of 27 Exhibit F Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1113 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 23:34:29 Desc Main Document Page 27 of 27 Exhibit F `Overstock`.com, Inc. Service List Served as set forth below ADRID NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE ZIP EMAIL 12997572 Overstock.com, Inc, . Attn: chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale UT 84047 gnickle@overstock.

***[1113. Overstock 2.]*** 13 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 23:34:29 Desc Main Document Page 2 of 27 At my direction and under my supervision, employees of Kroll caused the Proposed Order Designating Stalking Horse Bidder to be served by the date and method set forth on the `Overstock` Service List attached hereto as Exhibit F. Dated: June 27, 2023 State of New York County of New York /s/ Liz Santodomingo Liz Santodomingo Subscribed and sworn (or affirmed) to me on June 27, 2023, by Liz Santodomingo, proved to me on the bases of s

***[1113. Overstock 1.]*** aster Service List attached hereto as Exhibit A:  Notice of Amendment of Dates and Deadlines Related to the Debtors’ Bidding Procedures [Docket No. 771] (the “Notice of Amendment Bidding Procedures”)  Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder and (II) Enter into the Stalking Horse Agreement [Docket No. 772] (the “Proposed Order Designating Stalking Horse Bidder”) On June 19, 2023, at my direction and under my supervision, employees of Kroll caused t


### ./BBBY/dockets/1111.pdf
***[1111. Overstock 5.]*** NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE ZIP EMAIL 12997572 Overstock.com, Inc. Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale UT 84047 gnickle@overstock.com METHOD OF SERVICE First Class Mail and Email 12997575 `Overstock`.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie 51 West 52nd Street New York NY 10019 skcharles@wlrk.com msbenn@wlrk.com gsmoodie@wlrk.com First Class Mail and Email In re: Bed Bath Beyond Inc., et al

***[1111. overstock 4.]***  E Overstock.com, Inc. Service List Served as set forth below ADRID NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE ZIP EMAIL 12997572 Overstock.com, Inc. Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale UT 84047 gnickle@`overstock`.com METHOD OF SERVICE First Class Mail and Email 12997575 Overstock.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie 51 West 52nd Street New York NY 10019 skcharles@wlrk.com msbenn@wlrk.com gsmoodie@wl

***[1111. Overstock 3.]*** ase 23-13359-VFP Doc 1111 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 23:15:42 Desc Main Document Page 27 of 27 Exhibit E Overstock.com, Inc. Service List Served as set forth below ADRID NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE ZIP EMAIL 12997572 `Overstock`.com, Inc. Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale UT 84047 gnickle@overstock.com METHOD OF SERVICE First Class Mail and Email 12997575 Overstock.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S.

***[1111. Overstock 2.]***  23‐13359 (VFP) Page 1 of 1 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1111 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 23:15:42 Desc Main Document Page 26 of 27 Exhibit E Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1111 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 23:15:42 Desc Main Document Page 27 of 27 Exhibit E `Overstock`.com, Inc. Service List Served as set forth below ADRID NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE ZIP EMAIL 12997572 Overstock.com, Inc. Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale UT 84047 gnickle@overstock.co

***[1111. Overstock 1.]*** Service List attached hereto as Exhibit B; (3) via First Class Mail on the Banks Service List attached hereto as Exhibit C; (4) via First Class Mail on the Lienholders Service List attached hereto as Exhibit D; and (5) by the method set forth on the `Overstock`.com, Inc. Service List attached hereto as Exhibit E:  Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders with Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] [Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 1 The last four digi


### ./BBBY/dockets/1109.pdf
***[1109. Overstock 5.]*** 109 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 20:55:03 Desc Main Document Page 23 of 25 Exhibit E Overstock.com, Inc. Service List Served via First Class Mail ADRID NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE 12997572 Overstock.com, Inc . 12997575 `Overstock`.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 W. Coliseum Way Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Midvale UT Gordon S. Moodie 51 West 52nd Street New York NY ZIP 84047 10019 In re: Bed Bath Beyond Inc., et

***[1109. Overstock 4.]*** ibit E Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1109 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 20:55:03 Desc Main Document Page 23 of 25 Exhibit E Overstock.com, Inc. Service List Served via First Class Mail ADRID NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE 12997572 `Overstock`.com, Inc . 12997575 Overstock.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 W. Coliseum Way Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Midvale UT Gordon S. Moodie 51 West 52nd Street New York NY ZIP 84047 10019 I

***[1109. Overstock 3.]***  23-13359 (VFP) Page 1 of 1 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1109 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 20:55:03 Desc Main Document Page 22 of 25 Exhibit E Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1109 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 20:55:03 Desc Main Document Page 23 of 25 Exhibit E `Overstock`.com, Inc. Service List Served via First Class Mail ADRID NAME ADDRESS 1 ADDRESS 2 ADDRESS 3 ADDRESS 4 CITY STATE 12997572 Overstock.com, Inc . 12997575 Overstock.com, Inc. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate S 799 

***[1109. Overstock 2.]***  as Exhibit D; (5) via First Class Mail on the Overstock.com, Inc. Service List attached hereto as Exhibit E; and (6) via First Class Mail on the Lienholders Service List attached hereto as Exhibit F: • Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement [Docket No. 791] [Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 1 The last four digits of Debtor Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.’s tax identification number are 0488. A com

***[1109. Overstock 1.]*** ies Service List attached hereto as Exhibit B; (3) via First Class Mail on the Banks Service List attached hereto as Exhibit C; (4) via First Class Mail on the Notice Parties Service List attached hereto as Exhibit D; (5) via First Class Mail on the `Overstock`.com, Inc. Service List attached hereto as Exhibit E; and (6) via First Class Mail on the Lienholders Service List attached hereto as Exhibit F: • Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate Overstock.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder and (II


### ./BBBY/dockets/1094.pdf
***[1094. Overstock 1.]*** rocedures [Docket No. 692] • Notice of Selection of Stalking Horse Bidder [Docket No. 708] • Notice to Contract Parties to Potentially Assumed Executory Contracts And Unexpired Leases [Docket No. 714] • Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement [Docket No. 791] • Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders with Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] • Notice of 


### ./BBBY/dockets/1088.pdf
***[1088. Overstock 16.]*** amages. 20. Further, to my knowledge Overstock is not an “insider” or “affiliate” of any of the Debtors, as those terms are defined in the Bankruptcy Code, and no common identity of incorporators, directors, or controlling stakeholders exist between `Overstock` and the Debtors. Conclusion 21. Accordingly, I believe that the Debtors engaged in a robust marketing process and the Sale Transaction is an important next step in the Debtors’ restructuring efforts. It is therefore my opinion that the Sale Transact

***[1088. Overstock 15.]*** 01 Desc Main Document Page 9 of 10 any improper action or inaction that would cause or permit the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement or the Sale Transaction to be avoided or justify the imposition of any costs or damages. 20. Further, to my knowledge `Overstock` is not an “insider” or “affiliate” of any of the Debtors, as those terms are defined in the Bankruptcy Code, and no common identity of incorporators, directors, or controlling stakeholders exist between Overstock and the Debtors. Conclusion 21. Acco

***[1088. Overstock 14.]*** d interactions, I believe that Overstock has proceeded in good faith in all respects in connection with this proceeding. I am not aware of any side deals or other arrangements that would evidence a lack of good faith. Further, I have no knowledge of `Overstock` engaging in 8 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1088 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 11:26:01 Desc Main Document Page 9 of 10 any improper action or inaction that would cause or permit the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement or the Sale Transaction to be avoided 

***[1088. Overstock 13.]*** cquired Assets. 19. It is my understanding that Overstock was selected as the Successful Bidder without collusion or fraud of any kind, in good faith, and from arm’s-length bargaining positions. Based on my knowledge and interactions, I believe that `Overstock` has proceeded in good faith in all respects in connection with this proceeding. I am not aware of any side deals or other arrangements that would evidence a lack of good faith. Further, I have no knowledge of Overstock engaging in 8 Case 23-13359-VF

***[1088. Overstock 12.]*** ets, to the extent known to Overstock. The Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement also contemplates the assumption and assignment to Overstock of a limited number of executory contracts associated with the Acquired Assets. 19. It is my understanding that `Overstock` was selected as the Successful Bidder without collusion or fraud of any kind, in good faith, and from arm’s-length bargaining positions. Based on my knowledge and interactions, I believe that Overstock has proceeded in good faith in all respects in 

***[1088. Overstock 11.]*** red Assets, free and clear of any liens or encumbrances and the assumption of liabilities associated with the Acquired Assets, to the extent known to Overstock. The Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement also contemplates the assumption and assignment to `Overstock` of a limited number of executory contracts associated with the Acquired Assets. 19. It is my understanding that Overstock was selected as the Successful Bidder without collusion or fraud of any kind, in good faith, and from arm’s-length bargaining p

***[1088. Overstock 10.]*** cash consideration. 18. The Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement contemplates the purchase of the Acquired Assets, free and clear of any liens or encumbrances and the assumption of liabilities associated with the Acquired Assets, to the extent known to `Overstock`. The Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement also contemplates the assumption and assignment to Overstock of a limited number of executory contracts associated with the Acquired Assets. 19. It is my understanding that Overstock was selected as the Success

***[1088. Overstock 9.]***  Debtors intend to effectuate the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement in order to consummate the value-maximizing transaction therein (the “Sale Transaction”). The Sale Transaction 17. Pursuant to the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement, the Debtors and `Overstock` agreed in principle to a sale of the Bed Bath & Beyond Assets, on terms set forth in the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement. The Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement provides for a purchase price (the “Purchase Price”) of $21,500,000.00 in cash consider

***[1088. Overstock 8.]*** utta Brand (the “Wamsutta Assets”) and (ii) the Debtors’ ownership rights in and to the domain name BEYOND.com (the “Beyond.com Asset”). Following the conclusion of these Auctions, the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, selected `Overstock` as the Successful Bidder as to the Acquired Assets, including the Wamsutta Assets and the Beyond.com Asset. The Debtors intend to effectuate the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement in order to consummate the value-maximizing transaction therein (the “

***[1088. Overstock 7.]*** ’s balance sheet lists approximately $375 million in cash and cash equivalents, approximately $34 million in long term debt, approximately $887 million in total assets, and approximately $640 million in positive shareholder equity. I understand that `Overstock`’s market capitalization as of the date hereof is in excess of $1 billion. 14. After careful evaluation, and upon consultation with the Consultation Parties, on June 13, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice of Selection of Stalking Horse Bidder [Docket

***[1088. Overstock 6.]***  technology- focused innovator, which is listed on Nasdaq under the ticker “OSTK,” is an Exchange Act public reporting company, and a large accelerated filer. I further understand, based on Overstock’s public disclosures, that, as of March 31, 2023, `Overstock`’s balance sheet lists approximately $375 million in cash and cash equivalents, approximately $34 million in long term debt, approximately $887 million in total assets, and approximately $640 million in positive shareholder equity. I understand that 

***[1088. Overstock 5.]*** ock is an online furniture and home furnishings retailer and technology- focused innovator, which is listed on Nasdaq under the ticker “OSTK,” is an Exchange Act public reporting company, and a large accelerated filer. I further understand, based on `Overstock`’s public disclosures, that, as of March 31, 2023, Overstock’s balance sheet lists approximately $375 million in cash and cash equivalents, approximately $34 million in long term debt, approximately $887 million in total assets, and approximately $64

***[1088. Overstock 4.]*** ucted in accordance with the court-approved Bidding Procedures. 13. On June 12, 2023, following several weeks of hard-fought, arm’s-length negotiations, the Debtors entered into the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement with Overstock. I understand that `Overstock` is an online furniture and home furnishings retailer and technology- focused innovator, which is listed on Nasdaq under the ticker “OSTK,” is an Exchange Act public reporting company, and a large accelerated filer. I further understand, based on Ove

***[1088. Overstock 3.]*** sive and transparent and conducted in accordance with the court-approved Bidding Procedures. 13. On June 12, 2023, following several weeks of hard-fought, arm’s-length negotiations, the Debtors entered into the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement with `Overstock`. I understand that Overstock is an online furniture and home furnishings retailer and technology- focused innovator, which is listed on Nasdaq under the ticker “OSTK,” is an Exchange Act public reporting company, and a large accelerated filer. I fur

***[1088. Overstock 2.]***  of Lazard Frères & Co. LLC (“Lazard”), investment banker to the Debtors. 2. I am familiar with the negotiations during the sale process and related to the asset purchase agreement (the “Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement”) with Overstock.com, Inc. (“`Overstock`”) attached as Exhibit A to the Debtors’ Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders with Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] (the “Notice of Successful Bidder”) filed on June 22, 2023.2 3. I submit this de

***[1088. Overstock 1.]*** he Restructuring Group of Lazard Frères & Co. LLC (“Lazard”), investment banker to the Debtors. 2. I am familiar with the negotiations during the sale process and related to the asset purchase agreement (the “Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement”) with `Overstock`.com, Inc. (“Overstock”) attached as Exhibit A to the Debtors’ Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders with Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] (the “Notice of Successful Bidder”) filed on June 22, 2023


### ./BBBY/dockets/1079.pdf
***[1079. Overstock 13.]*** 4900 Email: joshua.sussberg@kirkland.com emily.geier@kirkland.com derek.hunter@kirkland.com Co-Counsel for Debtors and Debtors in Possession Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1079 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 08:02:02 Desc Main Document Page 5 of 5 Exhibit A `Overstock` Contracts 1. Deed of Settlement and Release, dated as of June 21, 2022 by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., Liberty Procurement Co. Inc. and Brands Limited. 2. Terms of Settlement, dated as of 4/9/2020, by and among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., Liberty P

***[1079. Overstock 12.]*** sume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice.” In addition, the Debtors have reached out to the objecting parties to inform them that none of the `Overstock` Contracts relate to contracts or leases set forth in the Objections. 3. As such, the Debtors do not intend to proceed to a hearing on the Objections during the hearing scheduled for June 27, 2023 at 2:30 P.M. (prevailing Eastern Time). 4. The Debtor

***[1079. Overstock 11.]*** e or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, all as defined in the `Overstock` Sale Notice.” In addition, the Debtors have reached out to the objecting parties to inform them that none of the Overstock Contracts relate to contracts or leases set forth in the Objections. 3. As such, the Debtors do not intend to proceed to a hea

***[1079. Overstock 10.]*** tock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the `Overstock` APA, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice.” In addition, the Debtors have reached out to the objecting parties to inform them that none of the Overstock Contracts relate to contracts or leases set forth in the Objections. 3. As such, the Debt

***[1079. Overstock 9.]*** /27/23 08:02:02 Desc Main Document Page 3 of 5 (the “Supplemental Notice”). The Supplemental Notice explained, “through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the `Overstock` Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice.” In addition, the Debtors have reached out to the objecting parties to

***[1079. Overstock 8.]*** 59-VFP Doc 1079 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 08:02:02 Desc Main Document Page 3 of 5 (the “Supplemental Notice”). The Supplemental Notice explained, “through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to `Overstock`.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice.” In addition, the Debtors hav

***[1079. Overstock 7.]*** ed Relief [Docket No. 92] (the “Bidding Procedures Order”). KE 97990609 2 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1079 Filed 06/27/23 Entered 06/27/23 08:02:02 Desc Main Document Page 3 of 5 (the “Supplemental Notice”). The Supplemental Notice explained, “through the `Overstock` Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Over

***[1079. Overstock 6.]***  Exhibit A hereto in connection with the Overstock Sale (such listed Contracts and Leases, the “Overstock Contracts”). The Overstock Sale involves a sale of certain intellectual property assets. And none of the Objections to the Notice relate to the `Overstock` Contracts. As a result, the Debtors sought to clear any confusion, or perceived confusion, related to the Notice by filing a supplemental notice [Docket No. 95] 2 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Reply shall have the meanings

***[1079. Overstock 5.]*** avoidance of doubt, the Debtors do not intend to assume or assume or assign any Contracts and Leases other than those listed on Exhibit A hereto in connection with the Overstock Sale (such listed Contracts and Leases, the “Overstock Contracts”). The `Overstock` Sale involves a sale of certain intellectual property assets. And none of the Objections to the Notice relate to the Overstock Contracts. As a result, the Debtors sought to clear any confusion, or perceived confusion, related to the Notice by filing

***[1079. Overstock 4.]*** erstock Sale”). 2. For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors do not intend to assume or assume or assign any Contracts and Leases other than those listed on Exhibit A hereto in connection with the Overstock Sale (such listed Contracts and Leases, the “`Overstock` Contracts”). The Overstock Sale involves a sale of certain intellectual property assets. And none of the Objections to the Notice relate to the Overstock Contracts. As a result, the Debtors sought to clear any confusion, or perceived confusion, rela

***[1079. Overstock 3.]*** try into the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement (the “Overstock Sale”). 2. For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors do not intend to assume or assume or assign any Contracts and Leases other than those listed on Exhibit A hereto in connection with the `Overstock` Sale (such listed Contracts and Leases, the “Overstock Contracts”). The Overstock Sale involves a sale of certain intellectual property assets. And none of the Objections to the Notice relate to the Overstock Contracts. As a result, the Debtors soug

***[1079. Overstock 2.]*** ted cure costs associated with the Contracts and Leases and/or (ii) the assumption or assumption and assignment of the Contracts and Leases to Overstock.com, Inc. in connection with the Debtors’ entry into the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement (the “`Overstock` Sale”). 2. For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors do not intend to assume or assume or assign any Contracts and Leases other than those listed on Exhibit A hereto in connection with the Overstock Sale (such listed Contracts and Leases, the “Oversto

***[1079. Overstock 1.]***  to the Contracts and Leases have filed objections (the “Objections”) with respect to either (i) the projected cure costs associated with the Contracts and Leases and/or (ii) the assumption or assumption and assignment of the Contracts and Leases to `Overstock`.com, Inc. in connection with the Debtors’ entry into the Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement (the “Overstock Sale”). 2. For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors do not intend to assume or assume or assign any Contracts and Leases other than those liste


### ./BBBY/dockets/1044.pdf
***[1044. Overstock 1.]*** se, much less information sufficient to establish adequate assurance of future performance by any such assignee. The limited information available to Dadeland Station indicates that neither the Successful Bidder in the Debtors’ general sale process (`Overstock`.com) MIAMI 10638791.2 101890/304580 4 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1044 Filed 06/26/23 Entered 06/26/23 16:25:59 Desc Main Document Page 5 of 6 nor Phase 1 of the sale process under the Lease Sale Procedures Order has yielded an asset purchase agreement or


### ./BBBY/dockets/1034.pdf
***[1034. overstock 2.]***  780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com Mode of Service ☐ Hand-delivered ☐ Regular mail ☐ Certified mail/R

***[1034. Overstock 1.]***  Creditors Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP Robert J. Feinstein Bradford J. Sandler Paul J. Labov Colin R. Robinson 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKC


### ./BBBY/dockets/1025.pdf
***[1025. Overstock 1.]*** 6/23 Entered 06/26/23 15:01:22 Desc Main Document Page 6 of 7 Bankruptcy Code. This shall include any resulting violations of any of the terms and conditions of the Leases.3 11. If the Leases are to be assumed or assumed and assigned, the Debtors or `Overstock`.com should also be required to pay Realty Income a “deposit or other security for the performance of the [Debtors’] obligations under the lease substantially the same as would have been required by the landlord upon the initial leasing to a similar 


### ./BBBY/dockets/1022.pdf
***[1022. overstock 2.]***  780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com Mode of Service ☐ Hand-delivered ☐ Regular mail ☐ Certified mail/R

***[1022. Overstock 1.]***  Creditors Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP Robert J. Feinstein Bradford J. Sandler Paul J. Labov Colin R. Robinson 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKC


### ./BBBY/dockets/1021.pdf
***[1021. overstock 2.]***  780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com Mode of Service ☐ Hand-delivered ☐ Regular mail ☐ Certified mail/R

***[1021. Overstock 1.]***  Creditors Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP Robert J. Feinstein Bradford J. Sandler Paul J. Labov Colin R. Robinson 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKC


### ./BBBY/dockets/1012.pdf
***[1012. overstock 2.]*** venue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Email: gnickle@`overstock`.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie E-Mail: SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com Kirkland & Ellis LLP 601 Lexington Avenue New York, New Yo

***[1012. Overstock 1.]*** @usdoj.gov Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP Robert J. Feinstein Bradford J. Sandler Paul J. Labov Colin R. Robinson 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Email: gnickle@overstock.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S


### ./BBBY/dockets/1005.pdf
***[1005. Overstock 1.]*** 2, 2023, the Debtors filed their Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders with Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [D.I. 877] (the “Successful Bidder Notice”). In the Successful Bidder Notice, the Debtors disclosed that `Overstock`.com, Inc. was the successful bidder for the “Acquired Assets” and attached, yet again, the proposed APA, but without the Section 2.1(e) Disclosure Schedule designating the Contracts to be included in the sale. The Successful Bidder Notice also desig


### ./BBBY/dockets/998.pdf
***[998. overstock 2.]*** New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com; bsandler@pszjlaw.com; plabov@pszjlaw.com; crobinson@pszjlaw.com Stalking Horse Bidder Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com Counsel to Stalking Horse Bidder Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles, Michael S. Benn, and Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com, MSBenn@wlrk.com, GSMoodie@wlrk.com 7385384 9 Case 23-13359-V

***[998. Overstock 1.]*** es LLP Attn: Robert J. Feinstein, Bradford J. Sandler, Paul J. Labov, and Colin R. Robinson 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com; bsandler@pszjlaw.com; plabov@pszjlaw.com; crobinson@pszjlaw.com Stalking Horse Bidder `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com Counsel to Stalking Horse Bidder Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charle


### ./BBBY/dockets/991.pdf
***[991. Overstock 8.]*** n the Overstock APA) and other assets, properties, and rights that are Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA). Accordingly, as of the filing of this Objection, Cintas has not been able to review the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the `Overstock` APA) to determine if its rights are impacted beyond the impact identified in this 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 991 Filed 06/26/23 Entered 06/26/23 08:57:51 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 6 Objection. OBJECTION 9. Cintas objects to the possible assumption a

***[991. Overstock 7.]*** sets (as defined in the Overstock APA), which, among other things, identify the executory contracts that are Transferred Contracts (as defined in the Overstock APA) and other assets, properties, and rights that are Acquired Assets (as defined in the `Overstock` APA). Accordingly, as of the filing of this Objection, Cintas has not been able to review the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the Overstock APA) to determine if its rights are impacted beyond the impact identified in this 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc

***[991. Overstock 6.]*** es not include the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the Overstock APA) related to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA), which, among other things, identify the executory contracts that are Transferred Contracts (as defined in the `Overstock` APA) and other assets, properties, and rights that are Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA). Accordingly, as of the filing of this Objection, Cintas has not been able to review the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the Overstock APA) 

***[991. Overstock 5.]*** he asset purchase agreement associated with the Successful Bid (the “Overstock APA”); however, the Overstock APA, as filed, does not include the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the Overstock APA) related to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the `Overstock` APA), which, among other things, identify the executory contracts that are Transferred Contracts (as defined in the Overstock APA) and other assets, properties, and rights that are Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA). Accordingly, as o

***[991. Overstock 4.]***  Beyond.com assets. 8. The Notice of Successful Bidder includes the asset purchase agreement associated with the Successful Bid (the “Overstock APA”); however, the Overstock APA, as filed, does not include the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the `Overstock` APA) related to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA), which, among other things, identify the executory contracts that are Transferred Contracts (as defined in the Overstock APA) and other assets, properties, and rights that are Acq

***[991. Overstock 3.]*** nd, and Ten Twenty Four, Inc. as the backup bidder solely with respect to the Debtors’ Beyond.com assets. 8. The Notice of Successful Bidder includes the asset purchase agreement associated with the Successful Bid (the “Overstock APA”); however, the `Overstock` APA, as filed, does not include the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the Overstock APA) related to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA), which, among other things, identify the executory contracts that are Transferred Contracts (

***[991. Overstock 2.]*** with the Debtors’ Wamsutta brand, and Ten Twenty Four, Inc. as the backup bidder solely with respect to the Debtors’ Beyond.com assets. 8. The Notice of Successful Bidder includes the asset purchase agreement associated with the Successful Bid (the “`Overstock` APA”); however, the Overstock APA, as filed, does not include the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the Overstock APA) related to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA), which, among other things, identify the executory contracts th

***[991. Overstock 1.]*** roposed cure amount of $0.00. 7. On June 22, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders With Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] (the “Notice of Successful Bidder”) identifying `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the successful bidder for the Debtors’ IP assets and mobile platform (subject to certain exclusions), and JOWA Brands LLC as the backup bidder solely with respect to certain IP assets associated with the Debtors’ Wamsutta brand, and Ten


### ./BBBY/dockets/989.pdf
***[989. Overstock 9.]***  Sale. Additionally, Tempur Sealy reserves its right: (a) to supplement and/or amend this Reservation of Rights, (b) to assert any additional objections with respect to any proposed assumption and assignment of the Agreements, the proposed Sale, the `Overstock` APA and the proposed Sale Order, and/or (c) assert any further objections as it deems necessary or appropriate as it relates to the Agreements and/or the interests of Tempur Sealy. 4 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 989 Filed 06/26/23 Entered 06/26/23 08:54:49

***[989. Overstock 8.]*** ce and the Debtors, through counsel, have stated that the Agreements are not being assigned as part of the Proposed Sale or otherwise impacted by the Proposed Sale, Tempur Sealy has not been able to review the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the `Overstock` APA) to confirm its rights are not impacted in any way. Accordingly, out of an abundance of caution, Tempur Sealy submits this Reservation of Rights to preserve and reserve Tempur Sealy’s rights under the Agreements, the Bankruptcy Code and applicab

***[989. Overstock 7.]*** sets (as defined in the Overstock APA), which, among other things, identify the executory contracts that are Transferred Contracts (as defined in the Overstock APA) and other assets, properties, and rights that are Acquired Assets (as defined in the `Overstock` APA).3 8. Although the Agreements are not listed on the Assumption Notice and the Debtors, through counsel, have stated that the Agreements are not being assigned as part of the Proposed Sale or otherwise impacted by the Proposed Sale, Tempur Sealy 

***[989. Overstock 6.]*** es not include the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the Overstock APA) related to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA), which, among other things, identify the executory contracts that are Transferred Contracts (as defined in the `Overstock` APA) and other assets, properties, and rights that are Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA).3 8. Although the Agreements are not listed on the Assumption Notice and the Debtors, through counsel, have stated that the Agreements are not b

***[989. Overstock 5.]*** verstock 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 989 Filed 06/26/23 Entered 06/26/23 08:54:49 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 5 APA, as filed, does not include the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the Overstock APA) related to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the `Overstock` APA), which, among other things, identify the executory contracts that are Transferred Contracts (as defined in the Overstock APA) and other assets, properties, and rights that are Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA).3 8. Although the 

***[989. Overstock 4.]*** ted with the Successful Bid (the “Overstock APA”); however, the Overstock 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 989 Filed 06/26/23 Entered 06/26/23 08:54:49 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 5 APA, as filed, does not include the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the `Overstock` APA) related to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA), which, among other things, identify the executory contracts that are Transferred Contracts (as defined in the Overstock APA) and other assets, properties, and rights that are Acq

***[989. Overstock 3.]*** brand, and Ten Twenty Four, Inc. as the backup bidder solely with respect to the Debtors’ Beyond.com assets. The Notice of Successful Bidder includes the asset purchase agreement associated with the Successful Bid (the “Overstock APA”); however, the `Overstock` 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 989 Filed 06/26/23 Entered 06/26/23 08:54:49 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 5 APA, as filed, does not include the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the Overstock APA) related to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstoc

***[989. Overstock 2.]*** ed with the Debtors’ Wamsutta brand, and Ten Twenty Four, Inc. as the backup bidder solely with respect to the Debtors’ Beyond.com assets. The Notice of Successful Bidder includes the asset purchase agreement associated with the Successful Bid (the “`Overstock` APA”); however, the Overstock 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 989 Filed 06/26/23 Entered 06/26/23 08:54:49 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 5 APA, as filed, does not include the Disclosure Schedules (as defined in the Overstock APA) related to the Acquired Asse

***[989. Overstock 1.]*** ction with the Proposed Sale. 7. On June 22, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders With Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] (the “Notice of Successful Bidder”) identifying `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the successful bidder for the Debtors’ IP assets and mobile platform (subject to certain exclusions), and JOWA Brands LLC as the backup bidder solely with respect to certain IP assets associated with the Debtors’ Wamsutta brand, and Ten


### ./BBBY/dockets/985.pdf
***[985. Overstock 1.]*** rocedures [Docket No. 692] • Notice of Selection of Stalking Horse Bidder [Docket No. 708] • Notice to Contract Parties to Potentially Assumed Executory Contracts And Unexpired Leases [Docket No. 714] • Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement [Docket No. 791] • Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders with Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] • Notice of 


### ./BBBY/dockets/966.pdf
***[966. Overstock 2.]*** tly remains subject to an Auction to be conducted on June 28, 2023 for the Buy Buy Baby Assets, someone other than the Stalking Horse may emerge as the purchaser. 1 On June 21,2023, the Court entered an Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement [Dkt. No. 791]. 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 966 Filed 06/25/23 Entered 06/25/23 17:15:09 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 10 10. Therefore, Oracle also reserves all righ

***[966. Overstock 1.]*** ove captioned case on April 23, 2023 (“Petition Date”). The Debtors continue to operate as debtors in possession. 5. On the Petition Date, the Debtors filed the Sale Motion which seeks Court authority to sell substantially all assets of the Debtors. `Overstock`.com, Inc. (“Stalking Horse”) is identified in the Sale Motion as the stalking horse bidder. 6. On June 13, 2023, the Debtors filed a Notice of Selection of Stalking Horse Bidder [Dkt. No. 708] (“Notice”)1. Attached as Exhibit A to the Notice is the 


### ./BBBY/dockets/964.pdf
***[964. Overstock 9.]*** e or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, all as defined in the `Overstock` Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that copies of the Lease Sale Procedures Motion, Lease Sale Procedures, and the Lease Sale Procedures Order, as well as all related exhibits, including the form assumption and assignment agreement and form lea

***[964. Overstock 8.]*** tock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the `Overstock` APA, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that copies of the Lease Sale Procedures Motion, Lease Sale Procedures, and the Lease Sale Procedures Order, as well as all related exhibits, including the form assumption 

***[964. Overstock 7.]*** room 3B, Newark, New Jersey 07102, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the `Overstock` Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that copies of the Lease Sale Procedures Mo

***[964. Overstock 6.]*** ersey, 50 Walnut Street, 3rd Floor, Courtroom 3B, Newark, New Jersey 07102, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to `Overstock`.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE th

***[964. Overstock 5.]*** orable Judge Papalia, at the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey, 50 Walnut Street, 3rd Floor, Courtroom 3B, Newark, New Jersey 07102, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that through the `Overstock` Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Over

***[964. Overstock 4.]*** June 27, 2023, at 2:30 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time, before the Honorable Judge Papalia, at the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey, 50 Walnut Street, 3rd Floor, Courtroom 3B, Newark, New Jersey 07102, all as defined in the `Overstock` Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign a

***[964. Overstock 3.]*** e Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] (the “Overstock Sale Notice”), announcing that the Debtors (i) selected Overstock.com, Inc. as the Successful Bidder as to the Acquired Assets and (ii) will seek approval of the Sale Transaction (the “`Overstock` Sale”) at the Sale Hearing on June 27, 2023, at 2:30 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time, before the Honorable Judge Papalia, at the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey, 50 Walnut Street, 3rd Floor, Courtroom 3B, Newark, New Jerse

***[964. Overstock 2.]*** ICE that on June 22, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders with Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] (the “Overstock Sale Notice”), announcing that the Debtors (i) selected `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Successful Bidder as to the Acquired Assets and (ii) will seek approval of the Sale Transaction (the “Overstock Sale”) at the Sale Hearing on June 27, 2023, at 2:30 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time, before the Honorable Judge Papalia, a

***[964. Overstock 1.]*** n Document Page 4 of 20 SUCCESSFUL BIDDER. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that on June 22, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders with Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] (the “`Overstock` Sale Notice”), announcing that the Debtors (i) selected Overstock.com, Inc. as the Successful Bidder as to the Acquired Assets and (ii) will seek approval of the Sale Transaction (the “Overstock Sale”) at the Sale Hearing on June 27, 2023, at 2:30 p


### ./BBBY/dockets/959.pdf
***[959. Overstock 13.]*** Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (as may be amended, supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement”),2 by and among certain of the Debtors (the “Sellers”) and `Overstock`.com, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Purchaser”), and all other Transaction Documents, (b) authorizing and approving the sale (collectively, and including all actions taken or required to be taken in conne

***[959. Overstock 12.]*** age to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 959 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/24/23 00:15:55 Desc Document Page 64 of 102 Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 65 of 119 `Overstock`.com, Inc. By: Name: Title: (cid:47)(cid:48)(cid:49) (cid:47)(cid:48)(cid:49) [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 959 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 0

***[959. overstock 11.]*** ectronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com E-Mail: -47- C

***[959. Overstock 10.]*** tive Party at the number, electronic mail address or street address, as applicable, set forth below, or at such other number, electronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 1

***[959. Overstock 9.]*** e” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “Confidentiality Agreement” means that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, by and between Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc. and `Overstock`.com, Inc. “Consent” means any approval, consent, ratification, permission, waiver, Governmental Authorization or other authorization, or an Order of the Bankruptcy Court that renders unnecessary the same. “Contract” means any contract, agreement, un

***[959. Overstock 8.]*** ed 06/23/23 Entered 06/24/23 00:15:55 Desc Document Page 10 of 102 Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 11 of 119 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of June 12, 2023 (the “Effective Date”), by and among `Overstock`.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Buyer”), and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., a New York corporation (“BBBY”), and certain Subsidiaries of BBBY set forth on Annex A hereto (collectively and together with BBBY and each other Subsidiary of BBBY that has a 

***[959. OVERSTOCK 7.]***  Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 959 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/24/23 00:15:55 Desc Document Page 6 of 102 Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 7 of 119 EXECUTION VERSION ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JUNE 12, 2023 BY AND AMONG BED BATH & BEYOND INC., `OVERSTOCK`.COM, INC. AND THE OTHER PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO KE 97316667.15 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 959 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/24/23 00:15:55 Desc Document Page 7 of 102 Imaged Certif

***[959. Overstock 6.]*** on. 4 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 959 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/24/23 00:15:55 Desc Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 5 of 119 (Page | 5) Debtors: Case No. Caption: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al. 23-13359-VFP Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement. 4. The Debtors are authorized to perform any and all obligations set forth in the Stalking Horse Agreement that are intended to be performed prior to the Sale 

***[959. Overstock 5.]***  Motion establish just cause for the relief granted herein; and upon all of the proceedings had before the Court and after due deliberation and sufficient cause appearing therefor IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT: 1. The Debtors are authorized to designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as Stalking Horse Bidder with respect to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Stalking Horse Agreement). 2. The Debtors are authorized to enter into the Stalking Horse Agreement, in accordance with the terms of this Order and the Order (

***[959. Overstock 4.]*** er. 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 959 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/24/23 00:15:55 Desc Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 4 of 119 (Page | 4) Debtors: Case No. Caption: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al. 23-13359-VFP Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement. “Stalking Horse Notice”); and this Court having found that the Stalking Horse Bidder is not an “insider” or “affiliate” of any of the Debtors, as those terms a

***[959. Overstock 3.]*** VIII) Authorizing the Sale of Assets and (IX) Granting Related Relief,2 (the “Motion”) of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”), for entry of an order (this “Order”) (a) authorizing the Debtors to select `Overstock`.com (the “Buyer” or “Stalking Horse Bidder”) as Stalking Horse Bidder pursuant to an asset purchase agreement (together with the schedules thereto and related documents, and as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, th

***[959. Overstock 2.]*** ED. 2 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 959 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/24/23 00:15:55 Desc Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 3 of 119 (Page | 3) Debtors: Case No. Caption: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al. 23-13359-VFP Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement. Upon the Debtors’ Motion Seeking Entry of an Order (I) Approving the Auction and Bidding Procedures, (II) Approving Stalking Horse Bid Protections, (III) Sched

***[959. OVERSTOCK 1.]*** n Possession In re: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al., Debtors.1 Order Filed on June 21, 2023 by Clerk U.S. Bankruptcy Court District of New Jersey Chapter 11 Case No. 23-13359 (VFP) (Jointly Administered) ORDER AUTHORIZING THE DEBTORS TO (I) DESIGNATE `OVERSTOCK`.COM, INC. AS THE STALKING HORSE BIDDER AND (II) ENTER INTO THE STALKING HORSE AGREEMENT DATED: June 21, 2023 1 The last four digits of Debtor Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.’s tax identification number are 0488. A complete list of the Debtors in these chapte


### ./BBBY/dockets/952.pdf
***[952. Overstock 10.]*** nts during the Overstock Sale Hearing. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, with respect to all executory contracts and unexpired leases listed on the Potentially Assumed Contracts List (other than those contracts scheduled to be assumed pursuant to the `Overstock` APA), the Cure Objection Deadline has been extended to July 5, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (prevailing Eastern Time). Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 952 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/23/23 18:36:21 Desc Main Document Page 3 of 4 PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that nothing her

***[952. Overstock 9.]*** erstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, and accordingly, the Debtors do not intend to proceed on any objections related to Cure Payments during the `Overstock` Sale Hearing. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, with respect to all executory contracts and unexpired leases listed on the Potentially Assumed Contracts List (other than those contracts scheduled to be assumed pursuant to the Overstock APA), the Cure

***[952. Overstock 8.]*** ale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any unexpired leases. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the `Overstock` APA, and accordingly, the Debtors do not intend to proceed on any objections related to Cure Payments during the Overstock Sale Hearing. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, with respect to all executory contracts and unexpired leases listed on the Pote

***[952. Overstock 7.]*** the objection deadline with respect to a sale of the buybuy BABY Assets. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any unexpired leases. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, through the `Overstock` Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, and accordingly, the Debtors do not intend to proceed on any objections related to Cure Payments during the Oversto

***[952. Overstock 6.]*** e Debtors’ Bidding Procedures [Docket No. 771], the Debtors have established July 5, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) as the objection deadline with respect to a sale of the buybuy BABY Assets. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, through the `Overstock` Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any unexpired leases. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in th

***[952. Overstock 5.]*** ranged by counsel to the Debtors. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that the Debtors will seek approval of the Sale Transaction to Overstock.com, Inc. (the “Overstock Sale”) at the Sale Hearing on June 27, 2023, at 2:30 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) (the “`Overstock` Sale Hearing”), before the Honorable Judge Papalia, at the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey, 50 Walnut Street, 3rd Floor, Courtroom 3B, Newark, New Jersey 07102, or conducted consistent with the procedures established pu

***[952. Overstock 4.]*** of Kirkland & Ellis, LLP, 601 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022, and via videoconference arranged by counsel to the Debtors. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that the Debtors will seek approval of the Sale Transaction to Overstock.com, Inc. (the “`Overstock` Sale”) at the Sale Hearing on June 27, 2023, at 2:30 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) (the “Overstock Sale Hearing”), before the Honorable Judge Papalia, at the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey, 50 Walnut Street, 3rd Floor

***[952. Overstock 3.]*** res Order, at the offices of Kirkland & Ellis, LLP, 601 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022, and via videoconference arranged by counsel to the Debtors. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that the Debtors will seek approval of the Sale Transaction to `Overstock`.com, Inc. (the “Overstock Sale”) at the Sale Hearing on June 27, 2023, at 2:30 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time) (the “Overstock Sale Hearing”), before the Honorable Judge Papalia, at the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey, 5

***[952. Overstock 2.]*** with the Bidding Procedures Order, the Debtors filed the Notice of Selection of Stalking Horse Bidder [Docket No. 708] pursuant to which the Debtors selected Overstock.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder for the Acquired Assets (as defined in the `Overstock` APA). PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that on June 13, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice to Contract Parties to Potentially Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases [Docket No. 714] (the “Potentially Assumed Contracts List”) which established Ju

***[952. Overstock 1.]*** ll of the Debtors’ Assets. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, on June 13, 2023, in accordance with the Bidding Procedures Order, the Debtors filed the Notice of Selection of Stalking Horse Bidder [Docket No. 708] pursuant to which the Debtors selected `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder for the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA). PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that on June 13, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice to Contract Parties to Potentially Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexp


### ./BBBY/dockets/945.pdf
***[945. Overstock 1.]*** n of Stalking Horse Bidder. 7. Thereafter, on June 22, 2023, the Debtors filed their Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders with Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction (DI 877). In that Notice, the Debtors disclosed that `Overstock`.com, Inc. was the successful bidder for the “Acquired Assets” and attached, yet again, the proposed Asset Purchase Agreement, but without the Section 2.1(e) Disclosure Schedule designating the executory contracts and unexpired leases to be included 


### ./BBBY/dockets/943.pdf
***[943. Overstock 1.]*** on, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles, Esq. Michael S. Benn, Esq. Gordon S. Moodie, Esq. SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com Relationship of Party to the Case Counsel to Stalking Horse Bidder `Overstock`.com, Inc. Mode of Service ☐ Hand-delivered ☐ Regular mail ☐ Certified mail/RR X Other Electronic Mail (As authorized by the Court or by rule. Cite the rule if applicable.) 3309130v1 4 


### ./BBBY/dockets/938.pdf
***[938. Overstock 4.]*** om Michael.pera@davispolk.com (Counsel to Prepetition ABL Agent) Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 skcharles@wlrk.com msbenn@wlrk.com gsmoodie@wlrk.com (Counsel to `Overstock`.com) Jason Wooten Lazard Fréres & Co, LLC 30 Rockefeller Plaza New York, NY jason.wooten@lazard.com christian.tempke@lazard.com (Counsel to Investment Banker) David M. Hillman Megan R. Violin Proskauer Rose LLP Eleven Times Square New York, NY 10035

***[938. Overstock 3.]*** ell, among other things, certain of the Debtors’ corporate assets and certain other assets associated with their business (the “Bidding Procedures Order”). 9. On June 13, 2023, the Debtors filed the Sale Notice stating that the Debtors have selected `Overstock`.com, Inc. to act as the Stalking Horse Bidder and that only the Debtors’ Bed Bath & Beyond brand assets are proposed to be sold to the Stalking Horse Bidder. 51032415 v3 6 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 938 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/23/23 16:53:27 Desc Main 

***[938. Overstock 2.]*** ing the sale of the Debtors’ assets to Overstock.com, Inc., or to any other approved purchaser of the Debtors’ assets under the Sale Transaction (the “Purchaser”). On June 13, 2023, the Debtors filed the Sale Notice stating that the Debtors selected `Overstock`.com, Inc. to act as the Stalking Horse Bidder and that the Debtors intend to sell certain of their corporate assets associated with their Bed Bath & Beyond brand and business segment, including certain intellectual property “free and clear of any in

***[938. Overstock 1.]***  21 any “designation rights” period under which the Program Agreement is assumed and assigned or rejected at any date after the Closing Date, and requests language to such effect be included in any order confirming the sale of the Debtors’ assets to `Overstock`.com, Inc., or to any other approved purchaser of the Debtors’ assets under the Sale Transaction (the “Purchaser”). On June 13, 2023, the Debtors filed the Sale Notice stating that the Debtors selected Overstock.com, Inc. to act as the Stalking Horse


### ./BBBY/dockets/934.pdf
***[934. Overstock 3.]*** he Notice of Phase 1 Lease Auction, Qualified Bids, Lease Sale Hearing, and Related Lease Asset Information [Docket No. 905] (the “Auction Notice”). Pursuant to the Auction Notice, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to `Overstock`.com, Inc. Notwithstanding the foregoing, WPG files this Objection out of an abundance of caution to preserve and reserve its rights. 4 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 934 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/23/23 16:08:44 Desc Main Document Page 5 of 14 OBJECTION 12. A

***[934. Overstock 2.]*** tain of the Debtors’ assets. 10. On June 22, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders With Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] (the “Notice of Successful Bidder”) identifying `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the successful bidder for the Debtors’ IP assets and mobile platform (subject to certain exclusions), and JOWA Brands LLC as the backup bidder solely with respect to certain IP assets associated with the Debtors’ Wamsutta brand, and Ten

***[934. Overstock 1.]*** 8. Pursuant to the Assumption Notice, the Cure Objection Deadline is June 26, 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (ET). 9. On June 13, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice of Selection of Stalking Horse Bidder [Docket No. 708] providing notice that the Debtors selected `Overstock`.com, Inc. to act as the Stalking Horse Bidder for certain of the Debtors’ assets. 10. On June 22, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders With Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No.


### ./BBBY/dockets/924.pdf
***[924. overstock 4.]*** @pszjlaw.com Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 924-1 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/23/23 14:56:09 Desc Certificate of Service Page 2 of 2 Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Email: gnickle@`overstock`.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie E-Mail: SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com /s/ Lisa M. Solomon Lisa M. Solomon 

***[924. Overstock 3.]*** obinson 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 924-1 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/23/23 14:56:09 Desc Certificate of Service Page 2 of 2 `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Email: gnickle@overstock.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S

***[924. Overstock 2.]*** filed Notices (ECF Nos. 877 and 905) advising that the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com whom they have selected as the Successful Bidder and that the Debtors will seek approval of the Sale Transaction to `Overstock`.com at the Sale Hearing on June 27, 2023. To date, the Debtors have not withdrawn their Contract Assumption and Cure Notice. 8. This limited Objection is filed as a precautionary matter. OBJECTION I. THE DEBTORS’ PROPOSED CURE AMOUNT AS SET FORTH IN

***[924. Overstock 1.]*** ion and Cure Notice”). 6. 7. The Lease is listed in the Contract Assumption and Cure Notice. On June 22 and 23, 2023, the Debtors filed Notices (ECF Nos. 877 and 905) advising that the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to `Overstock`.com whom they have selected as the Successful Bidder and that the Debtors will seek approval of the Sale Transaction to Overstock.com at the Sale Hearing on June 27, 2023. To date, the Debtors have not withdrawn their Contract Assumption and Cure No


### ./BBBY/dockets/923.pdf
***[923. Overstock 10.]*** i) a total of five percent (5%), in the aggregate, of the square feet of selling space of the Dollar Store Business Premises and the Overstock Business Premises, or (ii) 500 square feet of the floor area of the Dollar Store Business Premises and the `Overstock` Business Premises may be devoted to the sale and display of so-called “patent” and/or “proprietary” medicines, perfume, vitamins, health and beauty care products, and sundries; or (JROB1712.DOC / 10} 26 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 923-1 Filed 06/23/23 Ent

***[923. Overstock 9.]*** lth and beauty aids store, and/or a drug store, provided, however, that an aggregate of not more than the lesser of (i) a total of five percent (5%), in the aggregate, of the square feet of selling space of the Dollar Store Business Premises and the `Overstock` Business Premises, or (ii) 500 square feet of the floor area of the Dollar Store Business Premises and the Overstock Business Premises may be devoted to the sale and display of so-called “patent” and/or “proprietary” medicines, perfume, vitamins, he

***[923. Overstock 8.]*** an a total of one hundred (100) square feet of total sales area in the Dollar Store Business Premises and the Overstock Business Premises shall be used for the sale of dog and cat food; and d) no portion of the Dollar Store Business Premises and the `Overstock` Business Premises will be used as a pharmacy, a health and beauty aids store, and/or a drug store, provided, however, that an aggregate of not more than the lesser of (i) a total of five percent (5%), in the aggregate, of the square feet of selling 

***[923. Overstock 7.]*** es for on-premises consumption), meat, poultry, fish and delicatessen items, and all prepared and unprepared frozen foods; and c) no more than a total of one hundred (100) square feet of total sales area in the Dollar Store Business Premises and the `Overstock` Business Premises shall be used for the sale of dog and cat food; and d) no portion of the Dollar Store Business Premises and the Overstock Business Premises will be used as a pharmacy, a health and beauty aids store, and/or a drug store, provided, 

***[923. Overstock 6.]*** sed for the sale and display of food items for off-premises consumption (exclusive of sales area used for the sale of pre-packaged candy and nuts), provided, however, that in no event will any portion of the Dollar Store Business Premises and/or the `Overstock` Business Premises be used for the sale of “Completely Prohibited Food” which for the purposes hereof shall mean each and all of tire following: perishables (including, without limitation, milk and/or other dairy products), fruit, vegetables, and/or 

***[923. Overstock 5.]*** ce of the premises comprising the Dollar Store Business (the “Dollar Store Business Premises ”) and the Overstock Business (the “Overstock Business Premises”), or (ii) 2,000 square feet of the floor area of the Dollar Store Business Premises and the `Overstock` Business Premises will be used for the sale and display of food items for off-premises consumption (exclusive of sales area used for the sale of pre-packaged candy and nuts), provided, however, that in no event will any portion of the Dollar Store B

***[923. Overstock 4.]*** l public; and b) no more than an aggregate total of the lesser of (i) five percent (5%) of the square feet of selling space of the premises comprising the Dollar Store Business (the “Dollar Store Business Premises ”) and the Overstock Business (the “`Overstock` Business Premises”), or (ii) 2,000 square feet of the floor area of the Dollar Store Business Premises and the Overstock Business Premises will be used for the sale and display of food items for off-premises consumption (exclusive of sales area used

***[923. Overstock 3.]*** ty of goods to the general public; and b) no more than an aggregate total of the lesser of (i) five percent (5%) of the square feet of selling space of the premises comprising the Dollar Store Business (the “Dollar Store Business Premises ”) and the `Overstock` Business (the “Overstock Business Premises”), or (ii) 2,000 square feet of the floor area of the Dollar Store Business Premises and the Overstock Business Premises will be used for the sale and display of food items for off-premises consumption (exc

***[923. Overstock 2.]*** g Center for an “over-stock” type of business, such as the type operated, as of the date of this Amended and Restated Lease, by Ocean State Job Lot (the “Overstock Business”), subject to the following conditions: a) the Dollar Store Business and the `Overstock` Business shall be operated only as a single integrated general merchandise store selling a variety of goods to the general public; and b) no more than an aggregate total of the lesser of (i) five percent (5%) of the square feet of selling space of t

***[923. Overstock 1.]*** ar General” or “Dollar Tree” (the “Dollar Store Business”), or from leasing space in the Shopping Center for an “over-stock” type of business, such as the type operated, as of the date of this Amended and Restated Lease, by Ocean State Job Lot (the “`Overstock` Business”), subject to the following conditions: a) the Dollar Store Business and the Overstock Business shall be operated only as a single integrated general merchandise store selling a variety of goods to the general public; and b) no more than an


### ./BBBY/dockets/919.pdf
***[919. overstock 1.]*** ale or similarly advertised event; (ix) a store primarily selling merchandise which is classed as "odd lot,? "close out," "clearance," "discontinued,” "cancellation," "second," "factoryreject," "sample," "floormodel," "demonstrator," "obsolescent," "`overstock`," "distressed," "bankruptcy," "fire sale" or "damaged", such as, for example, “Grossman’s Bargain Outlet”, “Contractor’s Warehouse”, “Big Lots”, “Liquidation World”, or “Odd Job”; the retailers commonly known as “Christmas Tree Shops” and “And That”


### ./BBBY/dockets/910.pdf
***[910. Overstock 2.]*** e Sale Procedures Order, to the extent applicable.3 Counsel for 101 Retail contacted counsel for Debtors regarding Debtors’ Notice 3 Of Selection Of Stalking Horse Bidder (the “Stalking Horse Notice”) [Docket No. 708] selecting Overstock.com, Inc. (“`Overstock`”) as the Stalking Horse Bidder for certain Acquired Assets defined in the attached Stalking Horse Agreement. Debtors’ counsel represented that 101 Scottsdale’s Lease was not one of the Acquired Assets being sold through the Stalking Horse Agreement 

***[910. Overstock 1.]*** ignment under the Lease Sale Procedures Order, to the extent applicable.3 Counsel for 101 Retail contacted counsel for Debtors regarding Debtors’ Notice 3 Of Selection Of Stalking Horse Bidder (the “Stalking Horse Notice”) [Docket No. 708] selecting `Overstock`.com, Inc. (“Overstock”) as the Stalking Horse Bidder for certain Acquired Assets defined in the attached Stalking Horse Agreement. Debtors’ counsel represented that 101 Scottsdale’s Lease was not one of the Acquired Assets being sold through the Sta


### ./BBBY/dockets/908.pdf
***[908. Overstock 1.]*** @usdoj.gov Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP Robert J. Feinstein Bradford J. Sandler Paul J. Labov Colin R. Robinson 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com `Overstock`.com proposed counsel to the Creditors’ Committee ý Other Email (As authorized by the Court or by rule. Cite the rule if applicable o Hand-delivered o Regular mail o Certified mail/RR ý Other Email (As authorized by the Court or by rule. Cite the rul


### ./BBBY/dockets/905.pdf
***[905. Overstock 9.]*** e or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, all as defined in the `Overstock` Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that copies of the Lease Sale Procedures Motion, Lease Sale Procedures, and the Lease Sale Procedures Order, as well as all related exhibits, including the form assumption and assignment agreement and form lea

***[905. Overstock 8.]*** tock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the `Overstock` APA, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that copies of the Lease Sale Procedures Motion, Lease Sale Procedures, and the Lease Sale Procedures Order, as well as all related exhibits, including the form assumption 

***[905. Overstock 7.]*** room 3B, Newark, New Jersey 07102, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the `Overstock` Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that copies of the Lease Sale Procedures Mo

***[905. Overstock 6.]*** ersey, 50 Walnut Street, 3rd Floor, Courtroom 3B, Newark, New Jersey 07102, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to `Overstock`.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Overstock APA, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE th

***[905. Overstock 5.]*** orable Judge Papalia, at the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey, 50 Walnut Street, 3rd Floor, Courtroom 3B, Newark, New Jersey 07102, all as defined in the Overstock Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that through the `Overstock` Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any executory contracts that are not expressly set forth in the Over

***[905. Overstock 4.]*** June 27, 2023, at 2:30 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time, before the Honorable Judge Papalia, at the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey, 50 Walnut Street, 3rd Floor, Courtroom 3B, Newark, New Jersey 07102, all as defined in the `Overstock` Sale Notice. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign any Lease Assets to Overstock.com, Inc. Further, through the Overstock Sale, the Debtors will not assume or assume and assign a

***[905. Overstock 3.]*** ebtors 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 905 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/23/23 07:26:36 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 19 (i) selected Overstock.com, Inc. as the Successful Bidder as to the Acquired Assets and (ii) will seek approval of the Sale Transaction (the “`Overstock` Sale”) at the Sale Hearing on June 27, 2023, at 2:30 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time, before the Honorable Judge Papalia, at the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey, 50 Walnut Street, 3rd Floor, Courtroom 3B, Newark, New Jerse

***[905. Overstock 2.]*** Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] (the “Overstock Sale Notice”), announcing that the Debtors 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 905 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/23/23 07:26:36 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 19 (i) selected `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Successful Bidder as to the Acquired Assets and (ii) will seek approval of the Sale Transaction (the “Overstock Sale”) at the Sale Hearing on June 27, 2023, at 2:30 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time, before the Honorable Judge Papalia, a

***[905. Overstock 1.]*** THER AGREEMENT WITH THE SUCCESSFUL BIDDER. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that on June 22, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice of Successful Bidder and Backup Bidders with Respect to the Stalking Horse Bid and June 21, 2023 Auction [Docket No. 877] (the “`Overstock` Sale Notice”), announcing that the Debtors 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 905 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/23/23 07:26:36 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 19 (i) selected Overstock.com, Inc. as the Successful Bidder as to the Acquired Assets and (ii) will seek ap


### ./BBBY/dockets/877.pdf
***[877. Overstock 15.]*** Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (as may be amended, supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement”),2 by and among certain of the Debtors (the “Sellers”) and `Overstock`.com, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Purchaser”), and all other Transaction Documents, (b) authorizing and approving the sale (collectively, and including all actions taken or required to be taken in conne

***[877. Overstock 14.]***  duly authorized representatives, all as of the Effective Date. Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 877 Filed 06/22/23 Entered 06/22/23 00:04:25 Desc Main Document Page 63 of 101 `Overstock`.com, Inc. By: Name: Title: [●] [●] [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 877 Filed 06/22/23 Entered 06/22/23 00:04:25 Desc Main Document Page 64 of 101 ANNEX A Subsidiary Sellers Annex A Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 877 Filed 0

***[877. overstock 13.]*** ectronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com E-Mail: -47- C

***[877. Overstock 12.]*** tive Party at the number, electronic mail address or street address, as applicable, set forth below, or at such other number, electronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 1

***[877. Overstock 11.]*** e” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “Confidentiality Agreement” means that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, by and between Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc. and `Overstock`.com, Inc. “Consent” means any approval, consent, ratification, permission, waiver, Governmental Authorization or other authorization, or an Order of the Bankruptcy Court that renders unnecessary the same. “Contract” means any contract, agreement, un

***[877. Overstock 10.]*** ment -iii- Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 877 Filed 06/22/23 Entered 06/22/23 00:04:25 Desc Main Document Page 9 of 101 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of June 12, 2023 (the “Effective Date”), by and among `Overstock`.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Buyer”), and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., a New York corporation (“BBBY”), and certain Subsidiaries of BBBY set forth on Annex A hereto (collectively and together with BBBY and each other Subsidiary of BBBY that has a 

***[877. OVERSTOCK 9.]*** ument Page 4 of 101 Exhibit A Overstock APA Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 877 Filed 06/22/23 Entered 06/22/23 00:04:25 Desc Main Document Page 5 of 101 EXECUTION VERSION ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JUNE 12, 2023 BY AND AMONG BED BATH & BEYOND INC., `OVERSTOCK`.COM, INC. AND THE OTHER PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO KE 97316667.15 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 877 Filed 06/22/23 Entered 06/22/23 00:04:25 Desc Main Document Page 6 of 101 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS ........................................

***[877. Overstock 8.]*** 900 Email: joshua.sussberg@kirkland.com emily.geier@kirkland.com derek.hunter@kirkland.com Co-Counsel for Debtors and Debtors in Possession Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 877 Filed 06/22/23 Entered 06/22/23 00:04:25 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 101 Exhibit A `Overstock` APA Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 877 Filed 06/22/23 Entered 06/22/23 00:04:25 Desc Main Document Page 5 of 101 EXECUTION VERSION ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JUNE 12, 2023 BY AND AMONG BED BATH & BEYOND INC., OVERSTOCK.COM, INC. AND THE OTHER PARTI

***[877. Overstock 7.]*** ICE that the Successful Bid has a base purchase price of $21.5 million, subject to the terms and conditions of the Overstock APA. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, on June 21, 2023, the Court entered the Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement [Docket No. 791] (the “Stalking Horse Order”). PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that the Debtors will seek approval of the Sale Transaction at the Sale Hearing on Jun

***[877. Overstock 6.]*** utta Assets”) and (ii) Ten Twenty Four, Inc. as the Backup Bidder solely with respect to the Beyond.com Asset.3 PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that the Successful Bid has a base purchase price of $21.5 million, subject to the terms and conditions of the `Overstock` APA. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, on June 21, 2023, the Court entered the Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate Overstock.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement [Docket No. 791] (the “St

***[877. Overstock 5.]***  business judgment, selected Overstock.com, Inc. as the Successful Bidder as to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA). Attached hereto as Exhibit A is a copy of the asset purchase agreement in connection with the Successful Bid (the “`Overstock` APA”). PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, following the conclusion of the Auctions, the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, have selected (i) JOWA Brands LLC as the Backup Bidder solely with respect to certain intellectual property

***[877. Overstock 4.]*** ing the conclusion of the Auctions, the Debtors, in consultation with Consultation Parties, have, in a reasonable exercise of their business judgment, selected Overstock.com, Inc. as the Successful Bidder as to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the `Overstock` APA). Attached hereto as Exhibit A is a copy of the asset purchase agreement in connection with the Successful Bid (the “Overstock APA”). PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, following the conclusion of the Auctions, the Debtors, in consultation with th

***[877. Overstock 3.]*** ideoconference arranged by counsel to the Debtors. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, following the conclusion of the Auctions, the Debtors, in consultation with Consultation Parties, have, in a reasonable exercise of their business judgment, selected `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Successful Bidder as to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA). Attached hereto as Exhibit A is a copy of the asset purchase agreement in connection with the Successful Bid (the “Overstock APA”). PLEASE TAKE FURTHER N

***[877. Overstock 2.]*** with the Bidding Procedures Order, the Debtors filed the Notice of Selection of Stalking Horse Bidder [Docket No. 708] pursuant to which the Debtors selected Overstock.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder for the Acquired Assets (as defined in the `Overstock` APA). PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, on June 21, 2023, at 10:00 a.m. (prevailing Eastern Time), and 1:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time), the Debtors conducted Auctions with respect to the Wamsutta Assets and Beyond.com Asset (each as defined herei

***[877. Overstock 1.]*** ll of the Debtors’ Assets. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, on June 13, 2023, in accordance with the Bidding Procedures Order, the Debtors filed the Notice of Selection of Stalking Horse Bidder [Docket No. 708] pursuant to which the Debtors selected `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder for the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Overstock APA). PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, on June 21, 2023, at 10:00 a.m. (prevailing Eastern Time), and 1:00 p.m. (prevailing Eastern Time), the Debtors conduc


### ./BBBY/dockets/795.pdf
***[795. Overstock 8.]***  that the assumption or assignment of the Lease will not disrupt any tenant mix or balance of Caparra’s shopping center, as required by § 365(b)(3)(D) of the Bankruptcy Code. 24. Therefore, Caparra objects to the potential assignment of its lease to `Overstock`.com or any other potential assignee to the Lease if it does not comply with the Bankruptcy Code provisions or the Lease. WHEREFORE, Caparra respectfully requests the entry of an order granting the relief described herein, together with such other an

***[795. Overstock 7.]*** ctions contained in this Paragraph 4 against any tenant or occupant engaged in the Competing Use or a Prohibited Use in violation of its lease, Tenant's termination right under this Paragraph 4(C) shall be stayed.” 20. The assignment of the Lease to `Overstock`.com or to any other party that could be considered a surplus store or off-price retailer or pretends to use the Leased Premises as a warehouse or distribution center would be in violation of the Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 795 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21

***[795. Overstock 6.]*** of the Lease to a new Tenant for the use of the Leased Premises for any of these previously listed reasons would cause Caparra to be in breach with some, if not all of its current tenants and would cause unrepairable damages to Caparra. 2 About Us | `Overstock`.com Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 795 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 13:58:11 Desc Main Document Page 5 of 7 18. As stated before, some of Caparra’s other tenants have set limitations to Caparra’s use of other leasable space, of which Debtor is well aware,

***[795. Overstock 5.]*** ailer”2. It is our understanding that Overstock.com only operates online and sells, among other things, surplus or returned merchandise on its online marketplace that ship from its warehouses and distribution centers. 16. If the Lease is assigned to `Overstock`.com or any other party that could be considered a surplus store or off-price retailer, Debtor and the new “Tenant” would be in default of the Lease provisions. 17. The Lease clearly prohibits the use of the Leased Premises for storage, warehousing o

***[795. Overstock 4.]*** f the Leased Premises as a “surplus” store. See Exhibit L of the Lease, attached to Exhibit A hereto. 15. The Stalking Horse has been identified as Overstock.com, which defines itself as a “tech-driven online retailer”2. It is our understanding that `Overstock`.com only operates online and sells, among other things, surplus or returned merchandise on its online marketplace that ship from its warehouses and distribution centers. 16. If the Lease is assigned to Overstock.com or any other party that could be 

***[795. Overstock 3.]*** Uses, as defined in the Lease, include among others, the operation of a storage facility and the use of the Leased Premises as a “surplus” store. See Exhibit L of the Lease, attached to Exhibit A hereto. 15. The Stalking Horse has been identified as `Overstock`.com, which defines itself as a “tech-driven online retailer”2. It is our understanding that Overstock.com only operates online and sells, among other things, surplus or returned merchandise on its online marketplace that ship from its warehouses and

***[795. Overstock 2.]*** der of the Lease, as notified in Doc. No. 456 and Doc. No. 714 (hereinafter both notices referred to as “Lease Assignment Notices”). RELIEF REQUESTED 10. The Lease Assignment Notices do not take into consideration that the assignment of the Lease to `Overstock`.com, or any similar purchaser, would breach exclusivity provisions contained in the Lease or in any other lease related to Caparra’s shopping center, nor does it take into consideration that the assignment of the Lease would disrupt the tenant mix o

***[795. Overstock 1.]*** tion and Potential Lease Sale Hearing [Doc. No. 456], objections to which are due by July 11, 2023. 6. On June 13, 2023, the Debtors filed a Notice of Selection of Stalking Horse Bidder [Doc. No. 708], in which it notified that the Stalking Horse is `Overstock`.com. 7. On June 13, 2023, the Debtors filed the Notice to Contract Parties to Potentially Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases [Doc. No. 714], the deadline to object to which is June 26, 2023. Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 795 Filed 06/21/23 Ent


### ./BBBY/dockets/791.pdf
***[791. Overstock 13.]*** Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (as may be amended, supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement”),2 by and among certain of the Debtors (the “Sellers”) and `Overstock`.com, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Purchaser”), and all other Transaction Documents, (b) authorizing and approving the sale (collectively, and including all actions taken or required to be taken in conne

***[791. Overstock 12.]*** e: [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 791 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 10:41:22 Desc Main Document Page 65 of 103 Document Page 64 of 102 `Overstock`.com, Inc. By: Name: Title: [●] [●] [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 791 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 10:41:22 Desc Main Document Page 6

***[791. overstock 11.]*** ectronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com E-Mail: -47- C

***[791. Overstock 10.]*** tive Party at the number, electronic mail address or street address, as applicable, set forth below, or at such other number, electronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 1

***[791. Overstock 9.]*** e” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “Confidentiality Agreement” means that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, by and between Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc. and `Overstock`.com, Inc. “Consent” means any approval, consent, ratification, permission, waiver, Governmental Authorization or other authorization, or an Order of the Bankruptcy Court that renders unnecessary the same. “Contract” means any contract, agreement, un

***[791. Overstock 8.]*** VFP Doc 791 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 10:41:22 Desc Main Document Page 11 of 103 Document Page 10 of 102 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of June 12, 2023 (the “Effective Date”), by and among `Overstock`.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Buyer”), and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., a New York corporation (“BBBY”), and certain Subsidiaries of BBBY set forth on Annex A hereto (collectively and together with BBBY and each other Subsidiary of BBBY that has a 

***[791. OVERSTOCK 7.]*** 3 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 791 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 10:41:22 Desc Main Document Page 7 of 103 Document Page 6 of 102 EXECUTION VERSION ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JUNE 12, 2023 BY AND AMONG BED BATH & BEYOND INC., `OVERSTOCK`.COM, INC. AND THE OTHER PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO KE 97316667.15 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 791 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 10:41:22 Desc Main Document Page 8 of 103 Document

***[791. Overstock 6.]*** rs at the Auction. 4 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 791 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 10:41:22 Desc Main Document Page 5 of 103 (Page | 5) Debtors: Case No. Caption: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al. 23-13359-VFP Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement. 4. The Debtors are authorized to perform any and all obligations set forth in the Stalking Horse Agreement that are intended to be performed prior to the Sale 

***[791. Overstock 5.]***  Motion establish just cause for the relief granted herein; and upon all of the proceedings had before the Court and after due deliberation and sufficient cause appearing therefor IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT: 1. The Debtors are authorized to designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as Stalking Horse Bidder with respect to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Stalking Horse Agreement). 2. The Debtors are authorized to enter into the Stalking Horse Agreement, in accordance with the terms of this Order and the Order (

***[791. Overstock 4.]***  Procedures Order. 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 791 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 10:41:22 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 103 (Page | 4) Debtors: Case No. Caption: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al. 23-13359-VFP Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement. “Stalking Horse Notice”); and this Court having found that the Stalking Horse Bidder is not an “insider” or “affiliate” of any of the Debtors, as those terms a

***[791. Overstock 3.]*** VIII) Authorizing the Sale of Assets and (IX) Granting Related Relief,2 (the “Motion”) of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”), for entry of an order (this “Order”) (a) authorizing the Debtors to select `Overstock`.com (the “Buyer” or “Stalking Horse Bidder”) as Stalking Horse Bidder pursuant to an asset purchase agreement (together with the schedules thereto and related documents, and as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, th

***[791. Overstock 2.]*** e (5), is ORDERED. 2 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 791 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 10:41:22 Desc Main Document Page 3 of 103 (Page | 3) Debtors: Case No. Caption: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al. 23-13359-VFP Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement. Upon the Debtors’ Motion Seeking Entry of an Order (I) Approving the Auction and Bidding Procedures, (II) Approving Stalking Horse Bid Protections, (III) Sched

***[791. OVERSTOCK 1.]*** n Possession In re: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al., Debtors.1 Order Filed on June 21, 2023 by Clerk U.S. Bankruptcy Court District of New Jersey Chapter 11 Case No. 23-13359 (VFP) (Jointly Administered) ORDER AUTHORIZING THE DEBTORS TO (I) DESIGNATE `OVERSTOCK`.COM, INC. AS THE STALKING HORSE BIDDER AND (II) ENTER INTO THE STALKING HORSE AGREEMENT DATED: June 21, 2023 1 The last four digits of Debtor Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.’s tax identification number are 0488. A complete list of the Debtors in these chapte


### ./BBBY/dockets/790.pdf
***[790. overstock 2.]*** crobinson@pszjlaw.com 4 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 790 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 10:06:09 Desc Main Document Page 5 of 5 Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Email: gnickle@`overstock`.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie E-Mail: SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com /s/ David Stauss David Stauss (NJ I.D. #013862005) 5 

***[790. Overstock 1.]*** olin R. Robinson 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com 4 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 790 Filed 06/21/23 Entered 06/21/23 10:06:09 Desc Main Document Page 5 of 5 `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Email: gnickle@overstock.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S


### ./BBBY/dockets/781.pdf
***[781. Overstock 1.]*** rs’ Committee) Scott K. Charles, Esquire Michael S. Benn, Esquire Gordon S. Moodie, Esquire Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com (Counsel to Stalking Horse Bidder, `Overstock`.com) Joshua A. Sussberg, Esquire Emily E. Geier, Esquire Derek I. Hunter, Esquire Ross J. Fiedler, Esquire Kirkland & Ellis LLP 601 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10022 Joshua.sussberg@kirkland.com Emily.geier@kirkland.com Derek.hunter@kirkland


### ./BBBY/dockets/778.pdf
***[778. Overstock 1.]*** rs’ Committee) Scott K. Charles, Esquire Michael S. Benn, Esquire Gordon S. Moodie, Esquire Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com (Counsel to Stalking Horse Bidder, `Overstock`.com) Joshua A. Sussberg, Esquire Emily E. Geier, Esquire Derek I. Hunter, Esquire Ross J. Fiedler, Esquire Kirkland & Ellis LLP 601 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10022 Joshua.sussberg@kirkland.com Emily.geier@kirkland.com Derek.hunter@kirkland


### ./BBBY/dockets/777.pdf
***[777. overstock 2.]***  HB: 4883-6330-0202.1 6 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 777 Filed 06/20/23 Entered 06/20/23 10:25:01 Desc Main Document Page 7 of 7 Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Email: gnickle@`overstock`.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie E-Mail: SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com /s/ David Stauss David Stauss (NJ I.D. #013862005) HB: 488

***[777. Overstock 1.]*** Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com HB: 4883-6330-0202.1 6 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 777 Filed 06/20/23 Entered 06/20/23 10:25:01 Desc Main Document Page 7 of 7 `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Email: gnickle@overstock.com Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S


### ./BBBY/dockets/772.pdf
***[772. Overstock 13.]*** Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (as may be amended, supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement”),2 by and among certain of the Debtors (the “Sellers”) and `Overstock`.com, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Purchaser”), and all other Transaction Documents, (b) authorizing and approving the sale (collectively, and including all actions taken or required to be taken in conne

***[772. Overstock 12.]*** e: [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 772 Filed 06/19/23 Entered 06/19/23 22:13:07 Desc Main Document Page 65 of 103 Document Page 64 of 102 `Overstock`.com, Inc. By: Name: Title: [●] [●] [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 772 Filed 06/19/23 Entered 06/19/23 22:13:07 Desc Main Document Page 6

***[772. overstock 11.]*** ectronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com E-Mail: -47- C

***[772. Overstock 10.]*** tive Party at the number, electronic mail address or street address, as applicable, set forth below, or at such other number, electronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 1

***[772. Overstock 9.]*** e” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “Confidentiality Agreement” means that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, by and between Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc. and `Overstock`.com, Inc. “Consent” means any approval, consent, ratification, permission, waiver, Governmental Authorization or other authorization, or an Order of the Bankruptcy Court that renders unnecessary the same. “Contract” means any contract, agreement, un

***[772. Overstock 8.]*** VFP Doc 772 Filed 06/19/23 Entered 06/19/23 22:13:07 Desc Main Document Page 11 of 103 Document Page 10 of 102 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of June 12, 2023 (the “Effective Date”), by and among `Overstock`.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Buyer”), and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., a New York corporation (“BBBY”), and certain Subsidiaries of BBBY set forth on Annex A hereto (collectively and together with BBBY and each other Subsidiary of BBBY that has a 

***[772. OVERSTOCK 7.]*** 3 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 772 Filed 06/19/23 Entered 06/19/23 22:13:07 Desc Main Document Page 7 of 103 Document Page 6 of 102 EXECUTION VERSION ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JUNE 12, 2023 BY AND AMONG BED BATH & BEYOND INC., `OVERSTOCK`.COM, INC. AND THE OTHER PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO KE 97316667.15 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 772 Filed 06/19/23 Entered 06/19/23 22:13:07 Desc Main Document Page 8 of 103 Document

***[772. Overstock 6.]*** rs at the Auction. 4 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 772 Filed 06/19/23 Entered 06/19/23 22:13:07 Desc Main Document Page 5 of 103 (Page | 5) Debtors: Case No. Caption: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al. 23-13359-VFP Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement. 4. The Debtors are authorized to perform any and all obligations set forth in the Stalking Horse Agreement that are intended to be performed prior to the Sale 

***[772. Overstock 5.]***  Motion establish just cause for the relief granted herein; and upon all of the proceedings had before the Court and after due deliberation and sufficient cause appearing therefor IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT: 1. The Debtors are authorized to designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as Stalking Horse Bidder with respect to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Stalking Horse Agreement). 2. The Debtors are authorized to enter into the Stalking Horse Agreement, in accordance with the terms of this Order and the Order (

***[772. Overstock 4.]***  Procedures Order. 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 772 Filed 06/19/23 Entered 06/19/23 22:13:07 Desc Main Document Page 4 of 103 (Page | 4) Debtors: Case No. Caption: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al. 23-13359-VFP Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement. “Stalking Horse Notice”); and this Court having found that the Stalking Horse Bidder is not an “insider” or “affiliate” of any of the Debtors, as those terms a

***[772. Overstock 3.]*** VIII) Authorizing the Sale of Assets and (IX) Granting Related Relief,2 (the “Motion”) of the above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the “Debtors”), for entry of an order (this “Order”) (a) authorizing the Debtors to select `Overstock`.com (the “Buyer” or “Stalking Horse Bidder”) as Stalking Horse Bidder pursuant to an asset purchase agreement (together with the schedules thereto and related documents, and as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, th

***[772. Overstock 2.]*** e (5), is ORDERED. 2 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 772 Filed 06/19/23 Entered 06/19/23 22:13:07 Desc Main Document Page 3 of 103 (Page | 3) Debtors: Case No. Caption: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al. 23-13359-VFP Order Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Designate `Overstock`.com, Inc. as the Stalking Horse Bidder; and (II) Enter Into the Stalking Horse Agreement. Upon the Debtors’ Motion Seeking Entry of an Order (I) Approving the Auction and Bidding Procedures, (II) Approving Stalking Horse Bid Protections, (III) Sched

***[772. OVERSTOCK 1.]*** y.geier@kirkland.com derek.hunter@kirkland.com Co-Counsel for Debtors and Debtors in Possession In re: BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al., Debtors.1 Chapter 11 Case No. 23-13359 (VFP) (Jointly Administered) ORDER AUTHORIZING THE DEBTORS TO (I) DESIGNATE `OVERSTOCK`.COM, INC. AS THE STALKING HORSE BIDDER AND (II) ENTER INTO THE STALKING HORSE AGREEMENT 1 The last four digits of Debtor Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.’s tax identification number are 0488. A complete list of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases and each s


### ./BBBY/dockets/727.pdf
***[727. Overstock 1.]*** @usdoj.gov Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP Robert J. Feinstein Bradford J. Sandler Paul J. Labov Colin R. Robinson 780 Third Avenue, 34th Floor New York, NY 10017 rfeinstein@pszjlaw.com bsandler@pszjlaw.com plabov@pszjlaw.com crobinson@pszjlaw.com `Overstock`.com proposed counsel to the Creditors’ Committee ý Other Email (As authorized by the Court or by rule. Cite the rule if applicable o Hand-delivered o Regular mail o Certified mail/RR ý Other Email (As authorized by the Court or by rule. Cite the rul


### ./BBBY/dockets/708.pdf
***[708. Overstock 8.]*** Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (as may be amended, supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Stalking Horse Purchase Agreement”),2 by and among certain of the Debtors (the “Sellers”) and `Overstock`.com, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Purchaser”), and all other Transaction Documents, (b) authorizing and approving the sale (collectively, and including all actions taken or required to be taken in conne

***[708. Overstock 7.]***  duly authorized representatives, all as of the Effective Date. Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Document Page 64 of 102 `Overstock`.com, Inc. By: Name: Title: [●] [●] [Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Document Page 65 of 102 ANNEX A Subsidiary Sellers Annex A Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 0

***[708. overstock 6.]*** ectronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: Overstock.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@`overstock`.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019 Attn: Scott K. Charles Michael S. Benn Gordon S. Moodie SKCharles@wlrk.com MSBenn@wlrk.com GSMoodie@wlrk.com E-Mail: -47- C

***[708. Overstock 5.]*** tive Party at the number, electronic mail address or street address, as applicable, set forth below, or at such other number, electronic mail address or street address as such Party may specify by written notice to the other Party. Notices to Buyer: `Overstock`.com, Inc. 799 W. Coliseum Way Midvale, UT 84047 Attention: Email: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary gnickle@overstock.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 1

***[708. Overstock 4.]*** e” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “Confidentiality Agreement” means that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, by and between Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc. and `Overstock`.com, Inc. “Consent” means any approval, consent, ratification, permission, waiver, Governmental Authorization or other authorization, or an Order of the Bankruptcy Court that renders unnecessary the same. “Contract” means any contract, agreement, un

***[708. Overstock 3.]*** ent -iii- Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Document Page 10 of 102 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of June 12, 2023 (the “Effective Date”), by and among `Overstock`.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Buyer”), and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., a New York corporation (“BBBY”), and certain Subsidiaries of BBBY set forth on Annex A hereto (collectively and together with BBBY and each other Subsidiary of BBBY that has a 

***[708. OVERSTOCK 2.]*** 5 of 102 Exhibit A Stalking Horse Agreement Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Document Page 6 of 102 EXECUTION VERSION ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JUNE 12, 2023 BY AND AMONG BED BATH & BEYOND INC., `OVERSTOCK`.COM, INC. AND THE OTHER PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO KE 97316667.15 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 708 Filed 06/13/23 Entered 06/13/23 07:00:37 Desc Main Document Page 7 of 102 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS ........................................

***[708. Overstock 1.]*** pproved bidding procedures (the “Bidding Procedures”) were attached as Exhibit 1 to the Bidding Procedures Order. PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that on June 12, 2023, pursuant to and in accordance with the Bidding Procedures Order, the Debtors selected `Overstock`.com, Inc. to act as the Stalking Horse Bidder for the Acquired Assets (as defined in the Stalking Horse Agreement). PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that the Stalking Horse Agreement, including exhibits that identify, among other things, the Assets that a

