
## leg: Capital Investment

Total hits: `39`

Dockets hit: `269, 418, 467, 640, 757, 998, 1276, 1312`

### ./BBBY/dockets/1312.pdf
***[1312. Capital Investment 16.]***  LE\VISVILLE ANNUAL COMPLIANCE REPORT 2900 South Valley Parkway Lewisville, T'cxas --,"- Item l 2 3 -· 4. 5 6 -·,.,--~ . ~ - Purpose Compliance Information -= -= -.... ---··- Grant Period 'Total BBB Lewisville Sourced Sales in Grant PeticJd Declared `Capital Investment` Value of Invcntot:y in Grant Period .. $ $ $ ·- -· Required Osc Yes No Community Support Yes N<) Certified By: COiv!PANY: Nnme: Title: Email: Phone: Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1312-1 Filed 07/11/23 Entered 07/11/23 16:50:15 Desc Exhibit A Page 154 of 161

***[1312. Capital Investment 15.]*** anding any provision in this ,\grcctnent to the contrary~ in no event will the RP Tax Grnnt decrease as n result of n decrease in the T'otal Assessed Value of the Capital Investment after December 31, 20'16 (i.e. once the Compnny has met the Minimum `Capital Investment`, no decrease in the 'Total Assessed v~1luc of the Capitll I nvcstmcnt thcteafter will preclude it from receiving the full amount of the RP Tax Grant). c. Company's RP Tax Gtnnts as described in this Section 3.2 shalI not be affected by and shall sup

***[1312. Capital Investment 14.]*** ater years) in nccordancc with the chnrts in this Section 3.2.a and b, above. Notwithstanding any provision in this ,\grcctnent to the contrary~ in no event will the RP Tax Grnnt decrease as n result of n decrease in the T'otal Assessed Value of the `Capital Investment` after December 31, 20'16 (i.e. once the Compnny has met the Minimum Capital Investment, no decrease in the 'Total Assessed v~1luc of the Capitll I nvcstmcnt thcteafter will preclude it from receiving the full amount of the RP Tax Grant). c. Company'

***[1312. Capital Investment 13.]***  that such Minimum Capirn] Investment is met (or such additional Capital Investment enables a higher percentage in the immediately preceding chart to apply)) then the RP Tax Grant sh,\11 increase (or shall apply) for the year in which the additional `Capital Investment` is made (an<l for all later years) in nccordancc with the chnrts in this Section 3.2.a and b, above. Notwithstanding any provision in this ,\grcctnent to the contrary~ in no event will the RP Tax Grnnt decrease as n result of n decrease in the T'ota

***[1312. Capital Investment 12.]*** % 7SCYo In addition, if the tviinimum Capital Investrncnt is not met on or before December 31, 2016, but the Company and/ or Cornpany Entities later increase their Capital Investment so that such Minimum Capirn] Investment is met (or such additional `Capital Investment` enables a higher percentage in the immediately preceding chart to apply)) then the RP Tax Grant sh,\11 increase (or shall apply) for the year in which the additional Capital Investment is made (an<l for all later years) in nccordancc with the chnrts

***[1312. Capital Investment 11.]*** ercentage of Minimum Capital Investment Pcrcentag~ RP Tax Gmtlt Available 90-99(!/o 85% 7SCYo In addition, if the tviinimum Capital Investrncnt is not met on or before December 31, 2016, but the Company and/ or Cornpany Entities later increase their `Capital Investment` so that such Minimum Capirn] Investment is met (or such additional Capital Investment enables a higher percentage in the immediately preceding chart to apply)) then the RP Tax Grant sh,\11 increase (or shall apply) for the year in which the addition

***[1312. Capital Investment 10.]*** 400,000) by December 31, 2016, then failure to meet the l\{inimum Capital Investment will not preclude Company from receiving the RP Tax Grant altogether, but said grant will be reduced according to the schedule set forth bdmv. Percentage of Minimum `Capital Investment` Pcrcentag~ RP Tax Gmtlt Available 90-99(!/o 85% 7SCYo In addition, if the tviinimum Capital Investrncnt is not met on or before December 31, 2016, but the Company and/ or Cornpany Entities later increase their Capital Investment so that such Minimum

***[1312. Capital Investment 9.]*** he condition that it ·meet the Minimum C:tpit~il Investtnent; provided, hO\vevcr, that if the total Cnpital Investment is at least eighteen million, four hundred thousand dollars ($18,400,000) by December 31, 2016, then failure to meet the l\{inimum `Capital Investment` will not preclude Company from receiving the RP Tax Grant altogether, but said grant will be reduced according to the schedule set forth bdmv. Percentage of Minimum Capital Investment Pcrcentag~ RP Tax Gmtlt Available 90-99(!/o 85% 7SCYo In addition

***[1312. Capital Investment 8.]*** nt will the Capped Grant decrease as a result of a decrease in the 'Total Assessed Value of the Capital Investment after December: 3L 2016 (i.e. once the Company has met the 1finimum Capital ltwcstmcnt, no decrease in the Total Assessed Value of the `Capital Investment` thereafter will preclude it from receiving the full amount of the Capped Grant). c. In paying the Capped Grant, the City shall first apply against the Cap the total amount of Pees! then apply against the Cap the Local Sales 'fax on the Construction 

***[1312. Capital Investment 7.]*** Perccnt~1ge of Minimum Capital Investment Percentage Capped Grant Available d. Notwithstanding any prov1s10n 111 this Agreement to the conttaty, in no event will the Capped Grant decrease as a result of a decrease in the 'Total Assessed Value of the `Capital Investment` after December: 3L 2016 (i.e. once the Company has met the 1finimum Capital ltwcstmcnt, no decrease in the Total Assessed Value of the Capital Investment thereafter will preclude it from receiving the full amount of the Capped Grant). c. In paying t

***[1312. Capital Investment 6.]*** Company from receiving the Capped Grant altogether, but said grant will be reduced according to the schedule set fotth below: Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1312-1 Filed 07/11/23 Entered 07/11/23 16:50:15 Desc Exhibit A Page 130 of 161 Perccnt~1ge of Minimum `Capital Investment` Percentage Capped Grant Available d. Notwithstanding any prov1s10n 111 this Agreement to the conttaty, in no event will the Capped Grant decrease as a result of a decrease in the 'Total Assessed Value of the Capital Investment after December: 3L 201

***[1312. Capital Investment 5.]*** on or before December 31, 2016, subject to Fotcc i\fajcutc; provided., however, that if the total Capital Investment as of December 31, 2016 is at least eighteen million, fom hundred thow,and dollars ($18,400,000), then failure to make the i\finimum `Capital Investment` by Decctnbct 31 ~ 2016 will not preclude Company from receiving the Capped Grant altogether, but said grant will be reduced according to the schedule set fotth below: Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1312-1 Filed 07/11/23 Entered 07/11/23 16:50:15 Desc Exhibit

***[1312. Capital Investment 4.]*** ) (the "Cap"). c. Company's receipt ,of the full atn<.>unt of the Capped Grnnt is subject to the condition that it make the Minimurn Capitnl Investment on or before December 31, 2016, subject to Fotcc i\fajcutc; provided., however, that if the total `Capital Investment` as of December 31, 2016 is at least eighteen million, fom hundred thow,and dollars ($18,400,000), then failure to make the i\finimum Capital Investment by Decctnbct 31 ~ 2016 will not preclude Company from receiving the Capped Grant altogether, but 

***[1312. Capital Investment 3.]*** uant to Chapter 321, TEX. TAX CODE, as amended, on the sale or use of Taxable Itctns by a Company Entity during the applicable Grnnt Period. "Minimum Capital Investment" means the Company and/ ot the Company Entities making at least a $23,000,000.00 `Capital Investment`. ''Person" tneans any individual, coqxm1rion, partnership, trust, estate, unincorporated ot:gani:r.ation, association or other entity. '•Premises" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. "Required Use" means Company's continuous

***[1312. Capital Investment 2.]*** x;' means the one percent (1 ryo) sales and 'use tax imposed by the City 'for its general fund, pursuant to Chapter 321, TEX. TAX CODE, as amended, on the sale or use of Taxable Itctns by a Company Entity during the applicable Grnnt Period. "Minimum `Capital Investment`" means the Company and/ ot the Company Entities making at least a $23,000,000.00 Capital Investment. ''Person" tneans any individual, coqxm1rion, partnership, trust, estate, unincorporated ot:gani:r.ation, association or other entity. '•Premises" ha

***[1312. Capital Investment 1.]***  of 161 "Business Personal Property" means tangible personal property, cc1uipment and fixtures, other than Inventory, owned or leased by any Company _Entity that is first located on the Leased Prctniscs subsequent to the execution of this Agreement "`Capital Investment`" means the sum of (i) the total capitalized cost Q1ard costs and soft costs) of the improvements made to the Leased Premises by any Company Entity, and (ii) the Comp~my Entity's aggregate cost of acquisition and installation of Business Personal Pro


### ./BBBY/dockets/1276.pdf
***[1276. CAPITAL INVESTMENT 1.]***  MANAGEMENT 30 N. LASALLE ST., SUITE 4140 CHICAGO 12768239 EDISON EHNJ001 LLC WIDES, DREW, ASSOCIATE 12768332 EDISON NNVA001 LLC BEAR, HEATHER, LANDLORD, OAK STREET 12768333 EDISON NNVA001 LLC WIDES, DREW, LANDLORD, OAK STREET OAK STREET REAL ESTATE `CAPITAL INVESTMENT` GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021- 1, LLC INVESTMENT GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021- 1, LLC ATTN: ASSET MANAGEMENT C/O OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL C/O OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL 30 N. LASALLE ST., SUITE 4140 ATTN: ASSET MGMT 30 N. LASALLE ST


### ./BBBY/dockets/998.pdf
***[998. Capital Investment 16.]***  LE\VISVILLE ANNUAL COMPLIANCE REPORT 2900 South Valley Parkway Lewisville, T'cxas --,"- Item l 2 3 -· 4. 5 6 -·,.,--~ . ~ - Purpose Compliance Information -= -= -.... ---··- Grant Period 'Total BBB Lewisville Sourced Sales in Grant PeticJd Declared `Capital Investment` Value of Invcntot:y in Grant Period .. $ $ $ ·- -· Required Osc Yes No Community Support Yes N<) Certified By: COiv!PANY: Nnme: Title: Email: Phone: Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 998-1 Filed 06/26/23 Entered 06/26/23 11:52:04 Desc Exhibit A - Lease Page 154

***[998. Capital Investment 15.]*** anding any provision in this ,\grcctnent to the contrary~ in no event will the RP Tax Grnnt decrease as n result of n decrease in the T'otal Assessed Value of the Capital Investment after December 31, 20'16 (i.e. once the Compnny has met the Minimum `Capital Investment`, no decrease in the 'Total Assessed v~1luc of the Capitll I nvcstmcnt thcteafter will preclude it from receiving the full amount of the RP Tax Grant). c. Company's RP Tax Gtnnts as described in this Section 3.2 shalI not be affected by and shall sup

***[998. Capital Investment 14.]*** ater years) in nccordancc with the chnrts in this Section 3.2.a and b, above. Notwithstanding any provision in this ,\grcctnent to the contrary~ in no event will the RP Tax Grnnt decrease as n result of n decrease in the T'otal Assessed Value of the `Capital Investment` after December 31, 20'16 (i.e. once the Compnny has met the Minimum Capital Investment, no decrease in the 'Total Assessed v~1luc of the Capitll I nvcstmcnt thcteafter will preclude it from receiving the full amount of the RP Tax Grant). c. Company'

***[998. Capital Investment 13.]***  that such Minimum Capirn] Investment is met (or such additional Capital Investment enables a higher percentage in the immediately preceding chart to apply)) then the RP Tax Grant sh,\11 increase (or shall apply) for the year in which the additional `Capital Investment` is made (an<l for all later years) in nccordancc with the chnrts in this Section 3.2.a and b, above. Notwithstanding any provision in this ,\grcctnent to the contrary~ in no event will the RP Tax Grnnt decrease as n result of n decrease in the T'ota

***[998. Capital Investment 12.]*** % 7SCYo In addition, if the tviinimum Capital Investrncnt is not met on or before December 31, 2016, but the Company and/ or Cornpany Entities later increase their Capital Investment so that such Minimum Capirn] Investment is met (or such additional `Capital Investment` enables a higher percentage in the immediately preceding chart to apply)) then the RP Tax Grant sh,\11 increase (or shall apply) for the year in which the additional Capital Investment is made (an<l for all later years) in nccordancc with the chnrts

***[998. Capital Investment 11.]*** ercentage of Minimum Capital Investment Pcrcentag~ RP Tax Gmtlt Available 90-99(!/o 85% 7SCYo In addition, if the tviinimum Capital Investrncnt is not met on or before December 31, 2016, but the Company and/ or Cornpany Entities later increase their `Capital Investment` so that such Minimum Capirn] Investment is met (or such additional Capital Investment enables a higher percentage in the immediately preceding chart to apply)) then the RP Tax Grant sh,\11 increase (or shall apply) for the year in which the addition

***[998. Capital Investment 10.]*** 400,000) by December 31, 2016, then failure to meet the l\{inimum Capital Investment will not preclude Company from receiving the RP Tax Grant altogether, but said grant will be reduced according to the schedule set forth bdmv. Percentage of Minimum `Capital Investment` Pcrcentag~ RP Tax Gmtlt Available 90-99(!/o 85% 7SCYo In addition, if the tviinimum Capital Investrncnt is not met on or before December 31, 2016, but the Company and/ or Cornpany Entities later increase their Capital Investment so that such Minimum

***[998. Capital Investment 9.]*** he condition that it ·meet the Minimum C:tpit~il Investtnent; provided, hO\vevcr, that if the total Cnpital Investment is at least eighteen million, four hundred thousand dollars ($18,400,000) by December 31, 2016, then failure to meet the l\{inimum `Capital Investment` will not preclude Company from receiving the RP Tax Grant altogether, but said grant will be reduced according to the schedule set forth bdmv. Percentage of Minimum Capital Investment Pcrcentag~ RP Tax Gmtlt Available 90-99(!/o 85% 7SCYo In addition

***[998. Capital Investment 8.]*** nt will the Capped Grant decrease as a result of a decrease in the 'Total Assessed Value of the Capital Investment after December: 3L 2016 (i.e. once the Company has met the 1finimum Capital ltwcstmcnt, no decrease in the Total Assessed Value of the `Capital Investment` thereafter will preclude it from receiving the full amount of the Capped Grant). c. In paying the Capped Grant, the City shall first apply against the Cap the total amount of Pees! then apply against the Cap the Local Sales 'fax on the Construction 

***[998. Capital Investment 7.]*** Perccnt~1ge of Minimum Capital Investment Percentage Capped Grant Available d. Notwithstanding any prov1s10n 111 this Agreement to the conttaty, in no event will the Capped Grant decrease as a result of a decrease in the 'Total Assessed Value of the `Capital Investment` after December: 3L 2016 (i.e. once the Company has met the 1finimum Capital ltwcstmcnt, no decrease in the Total Assessed Value of the Capital Investment thereafter will preclude it from receiving the full amount of the Capped Grant). c. In paying t

***[998. Capital Investment 6.]***  from receiving the Capped Grant altogether, but said grant will be reduced according to the schedule set fotth below: Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 998-1 Filed 06/26/23 Entered 06/26/23 11:52:04 Desc Exhibit A - Lease Page 130 of 161 Perccnt~1ge of Minimum `Capital Investment` Percentage Capped Grant Available d. Notwithstanding any prov1s10n 111 this Agreement to the conttaty, in no event will the Capped Grant decrease as a result of a decrease in the 'Total Assessed Value of the Capital Investment after December: 3L 201

***[998. Capital Investment 5.]*** on or before December 31, 2016, subject to Fotcc i\fajcutc; provided., however, that if the total Capital Investment as of December 31, 2016 is at least eighteen million, fom hundred thow,and dollars ($18,400,000), then failure to make the i\finimum `Capital Investment` by Decctnbct 31 ~ 2016 will not preclude Company from receiving the Capped Grant altogether, but said grant will be reduced according to the schedule set fotth below: Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 998-1 Filed 06/26/23 Entered 06/26/23 11:52:04 Desc Exhibit 

***[998. Capital Investment 4.]*** ) (the "Cap"). c. Company's receipt ,of the full atn<.>unt of the Capped Grnnt is subject to the condition that it make the Minimurn Capitnl Investment on or before December 31, 2016, subject to Fotcc i\fajcutc; provided., however, that if the total `Capital Investment` as of December 31, 2016 is at least eighteen million, fom hundred thow,and dollars ($18,400,000), then failure to make the i\finimum Capital Investment by Decctnbct 31 ~ 2016 will not preclude Company from receiving the Capped Grant altogether, but 

***[998. Capital Investment 3.]*** uant to Chapter 321, TEX. TAX CODE, as amended, on the sale or use of Taxable Itctns by a Company Entity during the applicable Grnnt Period. "Minimum Capital Investment" means the Company and/ ot the Company Entities making at least a $23,000,000.00 `Capital Investment`. ''Person" tneans any individual, coqxm1rion, partnership, trust, estate, unincorporated ot:gani:r.ation, association or other entity. '•Premises" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. "Required Use" means Company's continuous

***[998. Capital Investment 2.]*** x;' means the one percent (1 ryo) sales and 'use tax imposed by the City 'for its general fund, pursuant to Chapter 321, TEX. TAX CODE, as amended, on the sale or use of Taxable Itctns by a Company Entity during the applicable Grnnt Period. "Minimum `Capital Investment`" means the Company and/ ot the Company Entities making at least a $23,000,000.00 Capital Investment. ''Person" tneans any individual, coqxm1rion, partnership, trust, estate, unincorporated ot:gani:r.ation, association or other entity. '•Premises" ha

***[998. Capital Investment 1.]***  of 161 "Business Personal Property" means tangible personal property, cc1uipment and fixtures, other than Inventory, owned or leased by any Company _Entity that is first located on the Leased Prctniscs subsequent to the execution of this Agreement "`Capital Investment`" means the sum of (i) the total capitalized cost Q1ard costs and soft costs) of the improvements made to the Leased Premises by any Company Entity, and (ii) the Comp~my Entity's aggregate cost of acquisition and installation of Business Personal Pro


### ./BBBY/dockets/757.pdf
***[757. CAPITAL INVESTMENT 1.]*** ERICAN DEVELOPMENT GROUP SUITE 304 1221 MAIN STREET SUITE 1000 1272 5TH STREET NE SUITE 200 1 HARNESS WAY 360 SOUTH ROSEMARY AVENUE SUITE 400 EDISON PORTFOLIO OWNER LLC EDISON PORTFOLIO OWNER LLC OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL OAK STREET REAL ESTATE `CAPITAL INVESTMENT` GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021-1 EDENS/SIMSBURY COMMONS 345 N. MAIN STREET, STE. #304 EDENS/SIMSBURY COMMONS 345 N. MAIN STREET, STE. #304 505 NORTH 20TH STREET, SUITE 700 First Class Mail leasing@dhananipeg.com First Class Mail and Email First Cl


### ./BBBY/dockets/640.pdf
***[640. CAPITAL INVESTMENT 1.]*** T MANAGEMENT 30 N. LASALLE ST., SUITE 4140 CHICAGO 12775656 EDISON JAFL001 LLC 12768332 EDISON NNVA001 LLC WIDES, DREW, LANDLORD BEAR, HEATHER, LANDLORD, OAK STREET 12768333 EDISON NNVA001 LLC WIDES, DREW, LANDLORD, OAK STREET OAK STREET REAL ESTATE `CAPITAL INVESTMENT` GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021-1, LLC INVESTMENT GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021-1, LLC ATTN: ASSET MANAGEMENT C/O OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL C/O OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL 30 N. LASALLE ST., SUITE 4140 ATTN: ASSET MGMT 30 N. LASALLE ST.,


### ./BBBY/dockets/467.pdf
***[467. CAPITAL INVESTMENT 1.]*** , LANDLORD, OAK STREET 12768878 EDISON DENJ001 LLC 12775292 EDISON DENJ001 LLC 12768879 EDISON DENJ001 LLC 12775293 EDISON DENJ001 LLC BEAR, HEATHER, LANDLORD BEAR, HEATHER, LANDLORD WIDES, DREW, LANDLORD WIDES, DREW, LANDLORD OAK STREET REAL ESTATE `CAPITAL INVESTMENT` GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021-1 OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL FUND IV MA SUB LLC OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL FUND IV MA SUB LLC INVESTMENT GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021-1 ATTN: ASSET MANAGEMENT C/O OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL 30 N. LASA


### ./BBBY/dockets/418.pdf
***[418. CAPITAL INVESTMENT 1.]*** 300 ENTERPRISE PARKWAY 1111 PLAZA DRIVE SUITE 200 800 S. CAMINO DEL RIO SUITE 304 3300 ENTERPRISE PARKWAY 360 SOUTH ROSEMARY AVENUE SUITE 400 EDISON PORTFOLIO OWNER LLC EDISON PORTFOLIO OWNER LLC OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL OAK STREET REAL ESTATE `CAPITAL INVESTMENT` GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021‐1 OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL FUND IV MA SUB LLC OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL FUND IV MA SUB LLC INVESTMENT GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021‐1 C/O OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL C/O OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITA


### ./BBBY/dockets/269.pdf
***[269. CAPITAL INVESTMENT 2.]*** ATE POSTAL CODE COUNTRY EMAIL METHOD OF SERVICE LC_011989 EDISON JAFL001 LLC WIDES, DREW, LANDLORD LC_004364 EDISON NNVA001 LLC LC_004365 EDISON NNVA001 LLC BEAR, HEATHER, LANDLORD, OAK STREET WIDES, DREW, LANDLORD, OAK STREET OAK STREET REAL ESTATE `CAPITAL INVESTMENT` GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021- 1, LLC INVESTMENT GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021- 1, LLC ATTN: ASSET MANAGEMENT 30 N. LASALLE ST., SUITE 4140 CHICAGO C/O OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL ATTN: ASSET MGMT 30 N. LASALLE ST., SUITE 4140 CHICAGO C/O O

***[269. CAPITAL INVESTMENT 1.]*** 05723 EDISON BRMA002 LLC LC_005725 EDISON BRMA002 LLC BEAR, HEATHER , LANDLORD, OAK STREET BEAR, HEATHER, LANDLORD LC_005726 EDISON BRMA002 LLC TANG, AMY, LANDLORD LC_005724 EDISON BRMA002 LLC WIDES, DREW, LANDLORD, OAK STREET OAK STREET REAL ESTATE `CAPITAL INVESTMENT` GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021- 1 OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL FUND IV MA SUB LLC OAK STREET REAL ESTATE CAPITAL FUND IV MA SUB LLC INVESTMENT GRADE NET LEASE FUND SERIES 2021- 1 ATTN: ASSET MANAGEMENT 30 N. LASALLE ST., SUITE 4140 CHICAGO C/O O

