
## leg: Due Diligence

Total hits: `262`

Dockets hit: `25, 28, 29, 71, 92, 102, 137, 145, 181, 193, 274, 281, 283, 415, 422, 446, 495, 576, 604, 641, 661, 683, 779, 781, 888, 889, 919, 948, 954, 997, 998, 1035, 1044, 1086, 1158, 1159, 1187, 1209, 1210, 1228, 1232, 1290, 1293, 1295, 1305, 1312, 1318, 1340, 1344`

### ./BBBY/dockets/1344.pdf
***[1344. due diligence 2.]*** ery Date, Landlord must notify Tenant in writing as to when the 28 Delivery Date will occur (the "Construction Completion Notice") in the form set forth in Exhibit G (a Delivery Date must be on a Permitted Delivery Day). Landlord shall undertake all `due diligence` and 29 to complete Landlord's Construction Obligations, and satisfy the Delivery necessary efforts 30 31 Conditions, and deliver the Store on the Delivery Date specified in the Construction Completion 32 Notice. In the event Landlord does not timely

***[1344. due diligence 1.]***  failure or default continues for a period of thirty (30) days after notice specifying the nature of such default in detail is given by Tenant to Landlord, or, if such failure or default requires more than thirty (30) days to cure in the exercise of `due diligence`, unless Landlord commences to cure same within said thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently prosecutes the same to completion, Tenant may (a) if the failure or default materially interferes with the normal conduct of Tenant's business, abat


### ./BBBY/dockets/1340.pdf
***[1340. due diligence 2.]*** ery Date, Landlord must notify Tenant in writing as to when the 28 Delivery Date will occur (the "Construction Completion Notice") in the form set forth in Exhibit G (a Delivery Date must be on a Permitted Delivery Day). Landlord shall undertake all `due diligence` and 29 to complete Landlord's Construction Obligations, and satisfy the Delivery necessary efforts 30 31 Conditions, and deliver the Store on the Delivery Date specified in the Construction Completion 32 Notice. In the event Landlord does not timely

***[1340. due diligence 1.]***  failure or default continues for a period of thirty (30) days after notice specifying the nature of such default in detail is given by Tenant to Landlord, or, if such failure or default requires more than thirty (30) days to cure in the exercise of `due diligence`, unless Landlord commences to cure same within said thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently prosecutes the same to completion, Tenant may (a) if the failure or default materially interferes with the normal conduct of Tenant's business, abat


### ./BBBY/dockets/1318.pdf
***[1318. due diligence 2.]*** nt of the name and address of such Mortgagee), and such Mortgagee has not cured Landlord's Default within thirty (30) days following its receipt of such notice (or, if Landlord's Default requires more than thirty (30) days to cure in the exercise of `due diligence`, such Mortgagee has not commenced to cure same within said thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently prosecuted the same to completion). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, in Tenant's reasonable judgment, an emergency (i.e., posing imminent m

***[1318. due diligence 1.]*** thin thirty [30] days of such casualty that Tenant desires Landlord to make changes to the Premises in connection with Landlord's restoration work [which notice shall contain the particulars of such changes], in which event Tenant shall proceed with `due diligence` and good faith in submitting its plans setting forth such changes and cooperating with Landlord in order to obtain any required approvals of such changes), or thereafter fails to diligently pursue the completion of such repair and restoration work (


### ./BBBY/dockets/1312.pdf
***[1312. due diligence 1.]*** wned Property) and otherwise in accordance with all laws, ordinances, rules or regulations then in effect, and Tenant shall repair all Tenant Owned Property. All such repairs and replacements shall be performed in a good and workmanlike manner, with `due diligence`, and shall restore the items repaired to substantially the same usefulness and construction as existed immediately before the damage. All work by Tenant shall be performed in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.2 above. In the event of any


### ./BBBY/dockets/1305.pdf
***[1305. due diligence 3.]***  thereof Tenant shall be prevented from conducting its business in the Demised Premises or any part thereof, Landlord agrees to promptly commence to take whatever action is necessary to restore sllch scrvice(s) and proceed with such restoration with `due diligence`. During the period that any utility service to the Premises is intcmlpted or not available, Tenant shall be entitled to an equitable abatement of Annual Minimum Rent and Additional Charges for such period. ARTICLE VIII US~: 0[<' l'REMISES SECTION 8.

***[1305. due diligence 2.]*** constitute Force Majeure: (i) the financial inability of a party to perform its obligations under this Lease; or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable Legal Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party hereto. A party wishing to invoke this Section shall give the other party notice of that intention within ten (10) days of the commencement of any event of Force Majeure and shall, at that time, specify the reasons therefor, the specific 

***[1305. due diligence 1.]*** rainfall or snowfall for the area (or comparable weather conditions of unusual severity), or other reasons of an extraordinary nature which are beyond the reasonable control of the party, and which could not have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party (collectively referred to herein as "Force Majeure''), then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period of the delay. NotWithstanding the foregoing provisions, the following shall not constitute Force


### ./BBBY/dockets/1295.pdf
***[1295. due diligence 2.]*** constitute Force Majeure: (i) the financial inability of a party to perform its obligations under this Lease; or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable Legal Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party hereto. A party wishing to invoke this Section shall give the other party notice of that intention within ten (10) days (or, as applicable, such other period expressly provided for notification elsewhere in this Lease) after the commencem

***[1295. due diligence 1.]*** , earthquake, hurricane or tornado (or comparable weather conditions of unusual severity), or other reasons of an extraordinary nature which are beyond the reasonable control of the party and which could not have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party (collectively referred to herein as "Force Majeure''), then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period of the delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the following shall not constitute Force


### ./BBBY/dockets/1293.pdf
***[1293. due diligence 2.]*** constitute Force Majeure: (i) the financial inability of a party to perform its obligations under this Lease; or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable Legal Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party hereto. Section 23.5 Consents. Except as may be otherwise expressly set forth in this Lease, whenever under this Lease provision is made for either party’s securing the consent or approval of the other party, (i) such consent or approval 

***[1293. due diligence 1.]*** 0 earthquake, hurricane or tornado (or comparable weather conditions of unusual severity), or other reasons of an extraordinary nature which are beyond the reasonable control of the party and which could not have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party (collectively referred to herein as “Force Majeure”), then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period of the delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the following shall not constitute Force 


### ./BBBY/dockets/1290.pdf
***[1290. due diligence 3.]*** tute Force Majeure: (i) the financial inability of a party to perform its obligations 39 under this Lease; or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable 40 Legal Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` 41 by a party hereto. A party wishing to invoke this Section shall give the other party notice 42 43 of that intention within ten (10) days of the commencement of any event of Force 44 Majeure and shall, at that time, specify the reasons therefor, t

***[1290. due diligence 2.]***  earthquake, hurricane or tornado ( or comparable weather conditions of unusual severity), or other reasons of an extraordinary nature which are beyond the reasonable control of the party and which could not have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party ( collectively referred to herein as "Force 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 Majeure'1, then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period of the delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the following sh

***[1290. due diligence 1.]*** rom, such periods that the Excess Vacancy exists by reason of the repairing and/or restoring of any portion of such building necessitated by fire or other casualty or condemnation, so long as Landlord is completing [ or causing to be completed] with `due diligence` such repair and/or restoration necessary to cause such building(s) to be in the condition required to open same for business), then in such event, Tenant shall have the right to: (i) pay Alternate Rent in lieu of Fixed Rent and Percentage Rent durin


### ./BBBY/dockets/1232.pdf
***[1232. due diligence 1.]*** nd performed, and provided further that the leasehold mortgagee(s) shall forthwith take steps to acquire or sell Tenant's interest in this Lease by foreclosure of the leasehold mortgage(s) or otherwise and shall prosecute the same to completion with `due diligence`. If at the end of said three (3) month period the leasehold mortgagee(s) shall be actively engaged in steps to acquire or sell Tenant's interest herein, the time for such mortgagee(s) to comply with the provisions of this Section 21.2 shall be exten


### ./BBBY/dockets/1228.pdf
***[1228. due diligence 1.]*** e Page 71 of 158 Landlord hereunder, and Landlord's failure continues for a period of thirty (30) days after Notice thereof is given by Tenant to Landlord, or, if such failure or default requires more than thirty (30) days to cure in the exercise of `due diligence`, unless Landlord commences to cure same within said thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently prosecutes the same to completion, then Tenant, in addition to such other rights and remedies as may be available under this Lease, or at law or in 


### ./BBBY/dockets/1210.pdf
***[1210. DUE DILIGENCE 2.]***  KIRKLAND DOCUMENTS AND LOAD INTO DATABASE GRANT USER ACCESS TO RELATIVITY DATABASE CUSTOMIZE RELATIVITY CODING PANE; GRANT USER ACCESS TO DATABASE; PREPARE REVIEW BATCHES ESTABLISH DUE DILIGENCE SHAREFILE DATA ROOM AND USER CREDENTIALS INVENTORY OF `DUE DILIGENCE` DATA ROOM; DISCUSS REVIEW STATUS WITH CASE TEAM ESTABLISH DATA ROOM FOR ADDITIONAL KIRKLAND & ELLIS FILES; PROCESS ADDITIONAL KIRKLAND FILES AND LOAD INTO RELATIVITY DATABASE EMPLOYEE BENEFITS/PENSIONS DATE INITIALS Description 05/02/23 RWK REVIEW A

***[1210. DUE DILIGENCE 1.]***  05/17/23 PAF 05/30/23 PAF ESTABLISH RELATIVITY DATABASE AND PROCESS KIRKLAND DOCUMENTS AND LOAD INTO DATABASE GRANT USER ACCESS TO RELATIVITY DATABASE CUSTOMIZE RELATIVITY CODING PANE; GRANT USER ACCESS TO DATABASE; PREPARE REVIEW BATCHES ESTABLISH `DUE DILIGENCE` SHAREFILE DATA ROOM AND USER CREDENTIALS INVENTORY OF DUE DILIGENCE DATA ROOM; DISCUSS REVIEW STATUS WITH CASE TEAM ESTABLISH DATA ROOM FOR ADDITIONAL KIRKLAND & ELLIS FILES; PROCESS ADDITIONAL KIRKLAND FILES AND LOAD INTO RELATIVITY DATABASE EMPLOY


### ./BBBY/dockets/1209.pdf
***[1209. due diligence 14.]*** ce re asset purchase agreement with K&E team (.5); attend telephone conference re asset purchase agreement with Lazard, Alix and Company teams (1.5); attend telephone conference with E. Geier, K&E team re due diligence requests (.5); review, analyze `due diligence` responses (.5). 05/31/23 Tamar Donikyan 0.70 Correspond with D. Hunter, K&E team re 05/31/23 Daniel Elizondo conversion calculations (.2); correspond with Company re same (.3); correspond with company re 10-K draft (.2). 4.50 Telephone conference wi

***[1209. due diligence 13.]*** .00 Prepare for and attend telephone conference re asset purchase agreement with K&E team (.5); attend telephone conference re asset purchase agreement with Lazard, Alix and Company teams (1.5); attend telephone conference with E. Geier, K&E team re `due diligence` requests (.5); review, analyze due diligence responses (.5). 05/31/23 Tamar Donikyan 0.70 Correspond with D. Hunter, K&E team re 05/31/23 Daniel Elizondo conversion calculations (.2); correspond with Company re same (.3); correspond with company re 

***[1209. due diligence 12.]*** Number: Matter Number: 1050080203 53510-10 Name Date 05/30/23 Mary Catherine Young 05/31/23 Matthew Antinossi 05/31/23 Allison Azarloza Hours Description 1.30 Conference with Alix, Lazard teams re sale process (.5); review intellectual property sale `due diligence` requests (.2); correspond with Lazard team re same (.3); analyze considerations re sale hearing (.3). 1.10 Review, analyze transition services agreement service requests (.3); review, analyze draft transition services agreement (.4); correspond with

***[1209. due diligence 11.]*** iskanich, K&E team re diligence (.3). 1.90 Correspond with P. Liskanich, K&E team re transition services agreement and diligence workstreams (.6); review transition services agreement schedules (.6); revise same (.7). 05/30/23 Matt Darch 0.50 Review `due diligence` documents. 26 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1209 Filed 07/06/23 Entered 07/06/23 20:48:49 Desc Main Document Page 102 of 299 Legal Services for the Period Ending May 31, 2023 Bed Bath and Beyond Inc. Asset Sales/Section 363/Use, Sale & Disp Invoice Number: 

***[1209. due diligence 10.]*** (.1). 2.40 Attend telephone conference re separation matters with Lazard, Alix teams and Company management (.4); prepare for same (.1); review and revise transition services agreement (1.3); attend conference re intellectual property and separation `due diligence` (.5); prepare for same (.1). 1.00 Telephone conference with E. Geier, K&E team, Company, Lazard re Buy Buy Baby sale. 0.50 Conference with Lazard team re sale process. 1.20 Telephone conference with Lazard team, N. Sosnick, K&E team, Alix team re as

***[1209. due diligence 9.]*** ame (.7). 05/24/23 Allison Azarloza 1.90 Review, analyze revised drafts of non- disclosure agreements (1.6); correspond with P. Liskanich, K&E team re coordination re signatories to non-disclosure agreement (.3). 05/24/23 Matt Darch 2.20 Prepare for `due diligence` telephone 05/24/23 Daniel Elizondo conference with Company and bidder team re information technology systems (.2); telephone conference with Company and E. Geier, K&E team re same (1.3); correspond with E. Geier, K&E team re separation planning and 

***[1209. due diligence 8.]*** ement (1.5); revise same (.4); correspond with D. Lewis and M. Darch re same (.3); review, analyze updates re diligence workstreams (.4). 3.10 Correspond with D. Elizondo, K&E team re transaction status and status of various workstreams (.3); attend `due diligence` telephone conference with interested bidder (.8); prepare for same (.2) attend telephone conference re bid status (.4); prepare for same (.1); review and revise transition services agreement (1.3). 3.50 Telephone conference with bidder re IP matters

***[1209. due diligence 7.]***  agreements 05/19/23 Matt Darch 05/19/23 Ross J. Fiedler (.5); correspond with M. Darch, K&E team re coordination re intellectual property diligence requests (.2). 1.50 Prepare for telephone conference re transition services agreement and separation `due diligence` (1.0); telephone conference with B. Kovach, K&E team re same (.5). 1.00 Telephone conference with Company, Lazard, Alix and N. Sosnick, K&E teams re sale process (.5); telephone conference with Company, Huth Reynolds and N. Sosnick, K&E team re sect

***[1209. due diligence 6.]*** pany re transition services agreement and draft of asset purchase agreement (1.2). 2.00 Prepare for conference with B. Kovach, K&E team re transition services agreement (.7); attend conference with B. Kovach, K&E team re same (.5); review and revise `due diligence` request list (.4); correspond with K. Risko, K&E team re same (.4). 1.50 Review, revise and draft purchase agreement for Buy Buy Baby (1.2); correspond with Company re same (.3). 16 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1209 Filed 07/06/23 Entered 07/06/23 20:48:49

***[1209. due diligence 5.]***  schedules (2.6); revise internal K&E intellectual property schedules (2.4). 05/16/23 Domenico Pietromonaco 0.30 Review and analyze documents with respect 05/16/23 Kyla Risko to clean team treatment. 0.50 Telephone conference with M. Darch re bidder `due diligence` request. 05/16/23 Noah Z. Sosnick 0.30 Correspond with R. Fiedler, K&E, Alix, 05/16/23 Mary Catherine Young 05/17/23 Allison Azarloza Lazard teams re sale process. 0.70 Correspond with R. Fiedler, K&E team re key dates re sale process (.4); correspo

***[1209. due diligence 4.]*** 2023 Bed Bath and Beyond Inc. Asset Sales/Section 363/Use, Sale & Disp Invoice Number: Matter Number: 1050080203 53510-10 Name Date 05/16/23 Matt Darch 05/16/23 Ross J. Fiedler 05/16/23 Emily Geier, P.C. Hours Description 0.80 Review, analyze bidder `due diligence` request list (.5); correspond with A. Barber re same (.3). 1.70 Correspond with E. Geier, K&E team, and Alix team re sale processes (.5); correspond with Company advisors, Proskauer team re same (.5); telephone conferences with Proskauer team, Compa

***[1209. due diligence 3.]*** &E team re diligence requests (.5); research sale re captive insurance interest (1.7). 3.30 Analyze and revise non-disclosure agreement (2.8); update form and carveout asset purchase agreements (.5). 0.20 Correspond with B. Kovach, K&E team re buyer `due diligence` requests re intellectual property and technology. 05/12/23 Daniel Elizondo 2.00 Review, draft short form asset purchase agreement (1.5); correspond with D. Hunter re same (.5). 05/12/23 Emily Geier, P.C. 1.40 Telephone conferences with Lazard team r

***[1209. due diligence 2.]*** alyze correspondence re same (.3); correspond with N. Sosnick, K&E team re same (.6). 0.70 Telephone conference with Company re intellectual property carveout. 0.90 Correspond with K. Risko re responses to bidder intellectual property and technology `due diligence` requests. 05/11/23 Ross J. Fiedler 0.30 Correspond with E. Geier, K&E team, Lazard 05/11/23 Emily Geier, P.C. team re sale process. 1.20 Correspond with R. Fiedler, K&E team, Alix team, Lazard team re asset sales (.6); telephone conference with D. H

***[1209. due diligence 1.]*** nt (.8); correspond with N. Sosnick re same (.2); correspond with S. Toth re same (.3). 1.30 Analyze and revise drafts of non-disclosure agreements (1.0); correspond with M. Darch, K&E team re form asset purchase agreement (.3). 2.30 Review, analyze `due diligence` requests (.7); draft responses to same (.6); review, analyze trademark license agreement re joint venture partner's rights post-bankruptcy (1.0). 1.00 Review, revise confidentiality agreements (.7); correspond with Company re same (.3). 0.70 Corresp


### ./BBBY/dockets/1187.pdf
***[1187. due diligence 2.]*** constitute Force Majeure: (i) the financial inability of a party to perform its obligations under this Lease; or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable Legal Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party hereto. A party wishing to invoke this Section shall give the other party notice of that intention within ten (10) days of the commencement of any event of Force Majeure and shall, at that time, specifY the reasons therefor, the specific 

***[1187. due diligence 1.]***  earthquake, hurricane or tornado (or comparable weather conditions of unusual severity), or other reasons of an extraordinary nature which are beyond the reasonable control of the party, and which could not have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party (collectively referred to herein as "Force Majeure"), then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period of the delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the following shall not constitute Force 


### ./BBBY/dockets/1159.pdf
***[1159. due diligence 34.]*** ted items Review historical SEC filings re: tax reporting Conduct research re: tax claims Prepare due diligence list request list re: tax considerations Update due diligence request list re: outstanding tax-related items Supervise development of tax `due diligence` request Correspond with UCC counsel re: NOL preservation Correspond with UCC counsel re: tax considerations Participate on call with UCC counsel and A&M team (Howe, Greenberg, Buich) to discuss tax considerations Participate on call with UCC counsel

***[1159. due diligence 33.]*** .2 0.1 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.2 0.8 0.5 Prepare due diligence request list re: outstanding tax-related items Review historical SEC filings re: tax reporting Conduct research re: tax claims Prepare due diligence list request list re: tax considerations Update `due diligence` request list re: outstanding tax-related items Supervise development of tax due diligence request Correspond with UCC counsel re: NOL preservation Correspond with UCC counsel re: tax considerations Participate on call with UCC counsel and A&M team (

***[1159. due diligence 32.]***  5/31/2023 Greenberg, Mark 5/31/2023 0.2 1.0 1.9 1.6 0.6 0.6 0.2 0.1 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.2 0.8 0.5 Prepare due diligence request list re: outstanding tax-related items Review historical SEC filings re: tax reporting Conduct research re: tax claims Prepare `due diligence` list request list re: tax considerations Update due diligence request list re: outstanding tax-related items Supervise development of tax due diligence request Correspond with UCC counsel re: NOL preservation Correspond with UCC counsel re: tax cons

***[1159. due diligence 31.]*** 023 Greenberg, Mark 5/25/2023 Buich, Melissa 5/26/2023 Greenberg, Mark 5/26/2023 Howe, Christopher 5/26/2023 Greenberg, Mark 5/27/2023 Buich, Melissa 5/31/2023 Greenberg, Mark 5/31/2023 0.2 1.0 1.9 1.6 0.6 0.6 0.2 0.1 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.2 0.8 0.5 Prepare `due diligence` request list re: outstanding tax-related items Review historical SEC filings re: tax reporting Conduct research re: tax claims Prepare due diligence list request list re: tax considerations Update due diligence request list re: outstanding tax-relat

***[1159. due diligence 30.]*** .8 Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Greenberg, Brouwer, Sinclair, Desai) to discuss intercompany accounting Prepare talking points for call with AlixPartners re: intercompany accounting Review documents in response to intercompany `due diligence` requests Analyze intercompany licensing agreements Analyze intercompany licensing agreements Prepare summary of intercompany licensing agreements Participate on call with UCC counsel and A&M team (Greenberg, Brouwer) to discuss first day motions Par

***[1159. due diligence 29.]*** on IRR for FILO loan Prepare FILO analysis for UCC counsel Review FILO credit agreement re: applicable fees Review DIP motion / order Prepare DIP demonstratives for UCC counsel Review ABL credit agreement / amendments re: borrower obligations Update `due diligence` request list re: outstanding DIP materials Correspond with UCC counsel re: DIP objection preparation Participate on call with UCC counsel and A&M team member (Greenberg, Brouwer) to discuss potential DIP settlement Participate on call with UCC couns

***[1159. due diligence 28.]*** ence items Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding due diligence items Review discovery documents Review letters from FILO lenders to board Analyze data room contents re: responsive documents to `due diligence` request list Brouwer, Matthew 5/11/2023 Goulding, Jon 5/11/2023 Greenberg, Mark 5/11/2023 Desai, Bijal 5/11/2023 Greenberg, Mark 5/11/2023 Greenberg, Mark 5/13/2023 Brouwer, Matthew 5/15/2023 Brouwer, Matthew 5/16/2023 Brouwer, Matthew 5/17/2023 Bro

***[1159. due diligence 27.]*** ai) re: outstanding due diligence items Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding due diligence items Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding `due diligence` items Review discovery documents Review letters from FILO lenders to board Analyze data room contents re: responsive documents to due diligence request list Brouwer, Matthew 5/11/2023 Goulding, Jon 5/11/2023 Greenberg, Mark 5/11/2023 Desai, Bijal 5/

***[1159. due diligence 26.]*** dules Update due diligence request list Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding due diligence items Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding `due diligence` items Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding due diligence items Review discovery documents Review letters from FILO lenders to board Analyze data room contents re: responsive documents to due 

***[1159. due diligence 25.]*** t, Other) Analyze data room contents re: responsive documents to due diligence request list Analyze store rent schedules Update due diligence request list Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding `due diligence` items Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding due diligence items Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding due diligence items Review discov

***[1159. due diligence 24.]***  Mark 5/31/2023 Sinclair, Gibbons 5/31/2023 2.8 0.9 1.7 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.5 0.5 2.6 Subtotal 126.9 Financing Matters (DIP, Exit, Other) Analyze data room contents re: responsive documents to due diligence request list Analyze store rent schedules Update `due diligence` request list Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding due diligence items Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding due diligence items Partic

***[1159. due diligence 23.]*** Sterling, Andrew 5/31/2023 Greenberg, Mark 5/31/2023 Greenberg, Mark 5/31/2023 Sinclair, Gibbons 5/31/2023 2.8 0.9 1.7 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.5 0.5 2.6 Subtotal 126.9 Financing Matters (DIP, Exit, Other) Analyze data room contents re: responsive documents to `due diligence` request list Analyze store rent schedules Update due diligence request list Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sinclair, Sterling, Desai) re: outstanding due diligence items Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Sincla

***[1159. due diligence 22.]*** iew Debtors' historical financial statements Review document production re: vendor sales data Update investment banker fee compensation analysis re: revised final orders Update investment banker fee compensation analysis re: payment scenarios Update `due diligence` list tracker Correspond with UCC member re: SEC filings 12 of 28 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1159 Filed 06/30/23 Entered 06/30/23 18:30:05 Desc Main Document Page 27 of 44 Exhibit B Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc., et al. Time Detail by Project Category May 10, 2

***[1159. due diligence 21.]*** olidated balance sheet by entity Review updated financial advisor compensation analysis Revise investment banker fee compensation analysis Correspond with Debtors' professionals re: outstanding due diligence requests Review data room contents Update `due diligence` list tracker Review Debtors' historical financial statements Review document production re: vendor sales data Update investment banker fee compensation analysis re: revised final orders Update investment banker fee compensation analysis re: payment 

***[1159. due diligence 20.]*** mary re: final fee order Update summary of Debtors' consolidated balance sheet by entity Review updated financial advisor compensation analysis Revise investment banker fee compensation analysis Correspond with Debtors' professionals re: outstanding `due diligence` requests Review data room contents Update due diligence list tracker Review Debtors' historical financial statements Review document production re: vendor sales data Update investment banker fee compensation analysis re: revised final orders Update 

***[1159. due diligence 19.]*** tracker Review summary of retail financial advisor retention applications re: financial advisor compensation analysis Review and comment on A&G Realty benchmarking analysis Update A&G Realty fee benchmarking analysis Review data room contents Update `due diligence` list tracker Review data room contents re: wholeco plan Review updated financial advisor compensation analysis re: retail cases Prepare revisions to financial advisor summary re: final fee order Update summary of Debtors' consolidated balance sheet 

***[1159. due diligence 18.]*** r compensation analysis Review data room contents Prepare summary of comparable retention applications re: financial advisor compensation analysis Review summary of comparable retention applications re: financial advisor compensation analysis Update `due diligence` list tracker Review summary of retail financial advisor retention applications re: financial advisor compensation analysis Review and comment on A&G Realty benchmarking analysis Update A&G Realty fee benchmarking analysis Review data room contents U

***[1159. due diligence 17.]*** nt banker compensation analysis Update investment banker compensation analysis re: retail comparables Update investment banker compensation analysis re: total fees earned Review responses from Debtors' professionals re: due diligence requests Update `due diligence` request list Update financial advisor compensation analysis Review data room contents re: BABY profitability production Update summary of Debtors' consolidated balance sheet by entity Review financial advisor compensation analysis Review data room c

***[1159. due diligence 16.]*** tion applications for investment banker compensation analysis Update investment banker compensation analysis re: retail comparables Update investment banker compensation analysis re: total fees earned Review responses from Debtors' professionals re: `due diligence` requests Update due diligence request list Update financial advisor compensation analysis Review data room contents re: BABY profitability production Update summary of Debtors' consolidated balance sheet by entity Review financial advisor compensati

***[1159. due diligence 15.]*** mparable analysis Analyze financial advisor compensation analysis re: retail comparables Correspond with Debtors' professionals re: outstanding due diligence requests Review data room contents Review monthly consolidating financial statements Update `due diligence` list tracker Analyze Debtors' consolidated balance sheet by entity Review retention agreements re: retail financial advisor comparables Review draft list of comparable financial advisor real estate cases Supervise development of retention applicatio

***[1159. due diligence 14.]*** lysis Update retail financial advisor compensation analysis Prepare summary of retail financial advisor comparable analysis Analyze financial advisor compensation analysis re: retail comparables Correspond with Debtors' professionals re: outstanding `due diligence` requests Review data room contents Review monthly consolidating financial statements Update due diligence list tracker Analyze Debtors' consolidated balance sheet by entity Review retention agreements re: retail financial advisor comparables Review 

***[1159. due diligence 13.]***  key Debtor entity financial information Update summary of FY2021 tax return re: P&L statement detail by entity Review borrowing base certificate Update due diligence request list Update due diligence request list Analyze legal entity mapping Update `due diligence` list tracker Review discovery documents Prepare A&G Realty fee benchmarking analysis Review comparable fee structures re: real estate sale advisors Review e-commerce platform Prepare investment banker compensation analysis Prepare sale consultant co

***[1159. due diligence 12.]***  sheet detail by entity Update summary of FY2021 tax return re: key Debtor entity financial information Update summary of FY2021 tax return re: P&L statement detail by entity Review borrowing base certificate Update due diligence request list Update `due diligence` request list Analyze legal entity mapping Update due diligence list tracker Review discovery documents Prepare A&G Realty fee benchmarking analysis Review comparable fee structures re: real estate sale advisors Review e-commerce platform Prepare inv

***[1159. due diligence 11.]*** y of FY2021 tax return re: balance sheet detail by entity Update summary of FY2021 tax return re: key Debtor entity financial information Update summary of FY2021 tax return re: P&L statement detail by entity Review borrowing base certificate Update `due diligence` request list Update due diligence request list Analyze legal entity mapping Update due diligence list tracker Review discovery documents Prepare A&G Realty fee benchmarking analysis Review comparable fee structures re: real estate sale advisors Revi

***[1159. due diligence 10.]*** liquidating consultant benchmarking analysis Analyze data room contents re: segmented financial documents Update liquidating consultant benchmarking analysis Prepare summary of FY2022 vendor payments Prepare due diligence request list tracker Update `due diligence` request list Review data room contents Prepare summary of data room contents Prepare summary of FY2021 tax return re: balance sheets by entity Prepare summary of FY2021 tax return re: P&L statements by entity Review Mexico monthly report Review data

***[1159. due diligence 9.]*** by sales Review data room contents Update liquidating consultant benchmarking analysis Analyze data room contents re: segmented financial documents Update liquidating consultant benchmarking analysis Prepare summary of FY2022 vendor payments Prepare `due diligence` request list tracker Update due diligence request list Review data room contents Prepare summary of data room contents Prepare summary of FY2021 tax return re: balance sheets by entity Prepare summary of FY2021 tax return re: P&L statements by entit

***[1159. due diligence 8.]***  (Greenberg, Hoeinghaus, Hernandez) to discuss WARN Act liability Analyze WARN Act reserve calculations Correspond with AlixPartners re: WARN Act liability Review WARN Act reserve calculations Prepare summary of Debtors' legal entity mapping Prepare `due diligence` request list Prepare liquidating consultant benchmarking analysis Analyze data room contents re: creditor diligence material Analyze data room contents re: investor diligence material 9 of 28 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 1159 Filed 06/30/23 Entered 06/30/2

***[1159. due diligence 7.]*** RN Act liability Participate on call with UCC counsel and A&M team (Greenberg, Hoeinghaus, Hernandez) to discuss WARN Act liability Review WARN Act summary prepared by UCC counsel Correspond with Debtors' professionals re: WARN Act liability Prepare `due diligence` request list re: WARN Act Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Greenberg, Hoeinghaus, Hernandez) to discuss WARN Act liability (partial) Participate on call with AlixPartners and A&M team (Greenberg, Hoeinghaus, Hernandez) to discuss 

***[1159. due diligence 6.]*** udget-to-actual cash variance analysis Analyze changes in cash flow assumptions re: budget-to-actual cash variance analysis Prepare budget-to-actual cash variance analysis Prepare commentary for UCC re: budget-to-actual cash variance analysis Update `due diligence` request list re: budget-to-actual cash flow questions Prepare cash flow budget scenario analysis re: cash receipts Analyze weekly operational update re: budget-to-actual cash variance report Analyze cash flow budget Analyze daily cash balances Prepa

***[1159. due diligence 5.]*** view weekly cash flow budget variance report Review cash flow budget report from Debtors Review weekly cash flow budget variance report Update due diligence request list re: cash flow budget Participate on call with AlixPartners re: cash flow budget `due diligence` Review weekly operational update Analyze budget-to-actual variance cash reporting Analyze other asset recovery assumptions Analyze updated cash flow budget Prepare presentation for UCC re: weekly cash flow budget Review forecast funding of reserves 

***[1159. due diligence 4.]*** kly cash flow budget Review latest budget-to-actual cash variance report Review updated cash flow budget Review weekly cash flow budget variance report Review cash flow budget report from Debtors Review weekly cash flow budget variance report Update `due diligence` request list re: cash flow budget Participate on call with AlixPartners re: cash flow budget due diligence Review weekly operational update Analyze budget-to-actual variance cash reporting Analyze other asset recovery assumptions Analyze updated cas

***[1159. due diligence 3.]*** orting files Correspond with UCC counsel re: post-petition cash balances Review Debtors' financial data for liquidity analysis Assess 13-week cash flow budget Prepare weekly professional fee estimate Correspond with AlixPartners re: cash flow budget `due diligence` Review preliminary lienholder payment forecast Correspond with UCC counsel re: cash flow budget reporting Prepare liquidity discussion materials for UCC Review cash flow budget Participate on call with A&M team member (Brouwer, Sterling) re: cash fl

***[1159. due diligence 2.]*** /2023 Brouwer, Matthew 5/19/2023 0.9 1.1 0.3 0.2 0.7 1.2 1.1 0.2 1.5 0.7 1.2 0.5 0.2 0.2 0.4 1.1 1.2 1.2 0.4 1.1 0.7 0.8 0.3 0.4 0.7 0.8 0.1 0.5 1.1 0.3 0.7 1.4 0.4 0.2 Review May operational updates Prepare question list re: cash flow budget Update `due diligence` request list re: cash flow budget items Analyze weekly operational update re: liquidity as of Petition date Review May operational updates Analyze weekly operational updates for liquidity analysis Review cash flow budget supporting files Correspond 

***[1159. due diligence 1.]*** summarized historical financial and operating data, including documentation posted to the Debtors’ virtual data room A&M prepared benchmarking analyses to assess the fee structures of several of the Debtors’ professionals A&M prepared and maintained `due diligence` request lists to monitor documents requested and received A&M analyzed the proposed DIP financing to assist Committee counsel in drafting a DIP objection, developing demonstratives for a DIP objection, and developing a DIP settlement structure A&M r


### ./BBBY/dockets/1158.pdf
***[1158. due diligence 2.]*** d comments to bar date order. 0.60 725.00 $435.00 05/15/2023 ECO GC Preparation of Committee memo re first day motions, relief requested, and recommendations. 3.10 725.00 $2,247.50 05/15/2023 MSP GC Email exchange with M. Greenberg, et al. regarding `due diligence` list. 0.10 1295.00 $129.50 05/15/2023 MSP GC Attention to administrative matters (.20); email exchange with B. Sandler, et al. regarding same (.10). 0.30 1295.00 $388.50 05/15/2023 ECO GC Review and analysis of second day motions (.9); 1.70 725.00 $

***[1158. due diligence 1.]***  10 of 77 DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES PERFORMED DURING THE STATEMENT PERIOD During the Statement Period, the Firm, among other things:  reviewed, analyzed, and conferred with counsel regarding potential recoveries through litigation claims;  performed `due diligence` of the Debtors’ assets;  reviewed and analyzed the bid procedures motion, proposed bidding procedures, and omnibus reply;  revised the proposed bidding procedures and proposed order and conferred and corresponded with various parties regarding iss


### ./BBBY/dockets/1086.pdf
***[1086. due diligence 4.]*** le Legal 30 Lease; or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable Legal 30 Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of due diligence by a 31 Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a 31 party hereto, A party wishing to invoke this Section shall give the other party notice of 32 party hereto, A party wishing to invoke this Section shall give the other party notice of 32 33 that intention within twenty (20) days of the commen

***[1086. due diligence 3.]*** s under this 29 Lease; or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable Legal 30 Lease; or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable Legal 30 Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a 31 Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of due diligence by a 31 party hereto, A party wishing to invoke this Section shall give the other party notice of 32 party hereto, A party wishing to invoke this Section shall g

***[1086. due diligence 2.]*** arty, and which could not have been avoided through the 25 reasonable control ofthe party, and which could not have been avoided through the 25 exercise of due diligence by a party (collectively referred to herein as "Force Majeure"), 26 exercise of `due diligence` by a party (collectively referred to herein as "Force Majeure"), 26 then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period of 27 then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period o

***[1086. due diligence 1.]*** r other reasons of an extraordinary nature which are beyond the 24 reasonable control of the party, and which could not have been avoided through the 25 reasonable control ofthe party, and which could not have been avoided through the 25 exercise of `due diligence` by a party (collectively referred to herein as "Force Majeure"), 26 exercise of due diligence by a party (collectively referred to herein as "Force Majeure"), 26 then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period 


### ./BBBY/dockets/1044.pdf
***[1044. due diligence 3.]***  not the obligation, to cure such default on behalf of the Lessor within fifteen (15) calendar days after the time provided for in the Lease or within a reasonable period if such default cannot be cured within that time and Lender is proceeding with `due diligence` to cure such default. In such ,.event, Tenant shall not terminate the Lease while such remedies are being diligently pursued by Lender. 10. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or altered in any manner other than by a written agreement signed

***[1044. due diligence 2.]***  , all within a reasonable period of time after the occurrence of such destruction or damage, and, promptly thereafter, Lessee shall fully fixture and stock and initially reopen all of the Premises, for business. Lessor shall exercise good faith and `due diligence` to settle its insurance loss and pursue rebuilding and restoration. If Lessee is unable to conduct its normal business operations in a portion of the Premises due to any destruction or damage to the Premises or Common Area but can nevertheless in Le

***[1044. due diligence 1.]*** formed and observed by Lessor hereunder, and any such failure continues for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice thereof is given by Lessee to Lessor, or, if such failure requires more than thirty ( 3 0 ) days to cure in the exercise of `due diligence`, unless Lessor commences to cure same within said thirty ( 3 0 ) day period and thereafter diligently prosecutes the same to completion, Lessee (i) may, if the failure materially interferes with the normal conduct of Lessee's business in the Premise


### ./BBBY/dockets/1035.pdf
***[1035. due diligence 1.]*** ant of the name and address of such Mortgagee), and such Mortgagee has not cured Landlord's Default within thirty (SO) days following its receipt ofsuch notice (or, if Landlord's Default requires more than thirty (SO) days to cure in the exercise of `due diligence`, such Mortgagee has not commenced to cure same within said SO-day period and thereafter diligently prosecuted the same to completion). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, in Tenant's reasonable judgment, an emergency (i.e., posing imminent material h


### ./BBBY/dockets/998.pdf
***[998. due diligence 1.]*** wned Property) and otherwise in accordance with all laws, ordinances, rules or regulations then in effect, and Tenant shall repair all Tenant Owned Property. All such repairs and replacements shall be performed in a good and workmanlike manner, with `due diligence`, and shall restore the items repaired to substantially the same usefulness and construction as existed immediately before the damage. All work by Tenant shall be performed in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.2 above. In the event of any


### ./BBBY/dockets/997.pdf
***[997. due diligence 1.]***  not enter into any agreement, understanding or arrangement with any other person or entity to attempt to control the consideration to be paid and given under the Lease Termination Agreement or dissuade or impede any person or entity from conducting `due diligence` with respect to Debtors’ interest in the Lease or considering bidding on Debtors’ leasehold interest. It is our understanding that, prior to execution of the Lease Termination Agreement, the Debtors’ leasehold interest was marketed for prospective a


### ./BBBY/dockets/954.pdf
***[954. due diligence 2.]*** se, Landlord shall promptly upon demand reimburse Tenant for all its reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses involved with such proceedings ; provided, however, that if Landlord conducts and prosecutes the proceeding and despite its best efforts and `due diligence` therein, Tenant's claim that there was a violation of its exclusive rights hereunder is not upheld by a final judgment or order, Tenant shall promptly upon demand reimburse Landlord for all its reasonable attorneys, fees and expenses involved with t

***[954. due diligence 1.]*** Landlord hereunder, and any such failure or default continues for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice thereof is given by Tenant to Landlord, or, if such failure or default requires more than thirty (30) days to cure in the exercise of `due diligence`, unless COLEO I /SYS : \DMS\EMS . DIR\046W24.07 May 14, 1998 58 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 954-1 Filed 06/23/23 Entered 06/23/23 20:03:20 Desc Exhibit A Page 64 of 162 Landlord commences to cure same within said thirty (30) day period and thereafter dili


### ./BBBY/dockets/948.pdf
***[948. due diligence 1.]*** x by the Debtors, listed on Schedule 1 attached hereto. To check upon and disclose possible relationships with significant Potential Parties-in-Interest in these chapter 11 cases, Deloitte Tax researched its client databases and performed reasonable `due diligence` to determine whether it or its affiliates had any relationships with the Debtors or the significant Potential Parties-in-Interest. 13. With respect to Deloitte Tax’s conflicts checks conducted in these cases, if Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 948 Filed 06/23


### ./BBBY/dockets/919.pdf
***[919. due diligence 4.]*** laws. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Declaration, once constructed, in the event of any damage to or destruction of all or a portion of the Common Area on any Parcel, the Owner of such Parcel shall, at its sole cost and expense, with `due diligence` repair, restore and rebuild such Common Area to its condition prior to such damage or destruction (or with such changes as shall not conflict with this Declaration). Each Owner, on behalf of itself and, if applicable, its Permittee reserves the righ

***[919. due diligence 3.]***  Desc Exhibit A Part Four Page 6 of 28 constructed, in the event of any damage to or destruction of a building and/or improvement on the Parcels, the Owner (or it Permittees, if applicable) of such Parcel(s) shall, at its sole cost and expense, with `due diligence` either raze, repair, restore and rebuild such building and improvement to its condition prior to such damage or destruction (or with such changes as shall not conflict with this Declaration). Such razing, repair, restoration and/or rebuilding must c

***[919. due diligence 2.]*** ng from cyber-attacks, power failures, or other events of Force Majeure affecting the availability of funds); or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable Legal Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party hereto. A party wishing to invoke this Section shall give the other party notice of that intention within ten (10) days of the commencement of any event of Force Majeure and shall, at that time, specify the reasons 56 Case 23-13359-VFP Do

***[919. due diligence 1.]***  earthquake, hurricane or tornado (or comparable weather conditions of unusual severity), or other reasons of an extraordinary nature which are beyond the reasonable control of the party, and which could not have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party (collectively referred to herein as “Force Majeure”), then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period of the delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the following shall not constitute Force 


### ./BBBY/dockets/889.pdf
***[889. due diligence 1.]*** the Debtors, listed on Schedule 1 attached hereto. To check upon and disclose possible relationships with significant Potential Parties-in-Interest in these chapter 11 cases, Deloitte & Touche researched its client databases and performed reasonable `due diligence` to determine whether it or its affiliates had any relationships with the Debtors or the significant Potential Parties- in-Interest. Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 889 Filed 06/22/23 Entered 06/22/23 18:18:23 Desc Main Document Page 7 of 90 13. With respect t


### ./BBBY/dockets/888.pdf
***[888. due diligence 1.]*** war, earthquake, hunicane or tomado (or comparable weather conditions of unusual severhy), or other reasons of an extraordinary nature w hich are beyond the reasonable control of the pm y and w hich could not have been avoided througAthe exercise of `due diligence` by a party (collectively refeaed to herein as ''Force M ajeuretî, then the perfo= ance of any such act shall be excused for a pedod equal to the peliod of the delay. N otw ithstAnding the foregoing provisions, i e , following shall not constimte For


### ./BBBY/dockets/781.pdf
***[781. due diligence 1.]***  earthquake, hurricane or tornado (or comparable weather conditions of unusual severity), or other reasons of an extraordinary nature which are beyond the reasonable control of the party, and which could not have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party 43 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 781-1 Filed 06/20/23 Entered 06/20/23 12:43:19 Desc Exhibit A - Lease Page 50 of 55 (collectively referred to herein as "Force Majeure"), then the performance of any such act shall 1 be excused for a period equal 


### ./BBBY/dockets/779.pdf
***[779. due diligence 4.]***  in connection with the execution and delivery of this Lease did not recommend that further investigation or procedures be undertaken and Landlord or Lender request a further inspection, appraisal market, study, environmental review, report or other `due diligence`, as the case may be, Tenant shall not be required to pay the cost of providing the same; (b) at Tenant's expense to cause counsel to render opinions customary in secondary market transactions with respect to the Premises and Tenant, which counsel an

***[779. due diligence 3.]*** omary, with appropriate verification of such information through letters of auditors or opinions of counsel acceptable to Lender and the Rating Agencies; provided that if any inspection, appraisal, market study, environmental review, report or other `due diligence` delivered 50112v18 54 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 779-1 Filed 06/20/23 Entered 06/20/23 11:26:53 Desc Exhibit A-Lease Page 62 of 126 in connection with the execution and delivery of this Lease did not recommend that further investigation or procedures be 

***[779. due diligence 2.]***  to the Premises and Tenant and to perform or permit or cause to be performed or permitted such site inspections, appraisals, market studies, environmental reviews and reports (Phase I's and, if appropriate, Phase H's), engineering reports and other `due diligence` investigation of the Premises as may be reasonably requested by Landlord, Lender or the Rating Agencies or as may be necessary or appropriate in connection with any such secondary market transaction, together, if customary, with appropriate verifica

***[779. due diligence 1.]*** hall continue for thirty days after notice thereof given to Tenant by Landlord or Lender or Lender's designee (provided, that in the case of any such failure which is capable of being cured but cannot be cured by the payment of money and cannot with `due diligence` be cured within such 30-day period, if Tenant shall commence promptly to cure the same and thereafter prosecute the curing thereof with diligence, the time within which such failure may be cured shall be extended for such period (but in any case not


### ./BBBY/dockets/683.pdf
***[683. due diligence 2.]*** lated using the “gross rings” method, divided by the Retail Price of the Merchandise sold, calculated using the “gross rings” method. (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 

***[683. due diligence 1.]*** )(cid:16)(cid:14) Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 683 Filed 06/09/23 Entered 06/10/23 00:16:03 Desc Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 35 of 115 (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 


### ./BBBY/dockets/661.pdf
***[661. due diligence 2.]*** n supply chain strategy, evaluating certain BBBI accounting processes and assisting with implementation of recommended improvements. Those services were completed in 2020. (e) A&M TAG was also engaged by BBBI in September 2019, to provide sell- side `due diligence` services to BBBI related to various potential carve-out strategies. Those services were completed in March 2021. (f) Sue Gove is related to a Managing Director and Division Leader at an A&M affiliate and she was also engaged by this affiliate as an 

***[661. due diligence 1.]*** ter, it is anticipated that BBB Canada will enter Canadian bankruptcy proceedings to complete its wind-down. (c) In December 2022, A&M’s affiliate, Alvarez & Marsal Transaction Advisory Group, LLC (“A&M TAG”) was engaged by BBBI to provide sell side `due diligence` and related support in connection with BBBI’s attempted divestiture of its buybuy Baby operations. Those services were completed in April 2023. (d) In 2019-2020 A&M’s affiliates, A&M TAG, Alvarez & Marsal Retail Performance Improvement Group, LLC an


### ./BBBY/dockets/641.pdf
***[641. due diligence 2.]*** lated using the “gross rings” method, divided by the Retail Price of the Merchandise sold, calculated using the “gross rings” method. (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 

***[641. due diligence 1.]*** )(cid:11)(cid:9)(cid:16)(cid:14) Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 641 Filed 06/07/23 Entered 06/07/23 14:48:50 Desc Main Document Page 35 of 114 (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 


### ./BBBY/dockets/604.pdf
***[604. DUE DILIGENCE 3.]*** 7386 IDAHO UNCLAIMED PROPERTY 12727385 IDAHO UNCLAIMED PROPERTY 12661013 IDB BANK FBO ANGELINO FEDERICI 12795724 IDE, BRYCE 12719944 IDEA NUOVA INC. 12719945 IDEA NUOVA INC. IMPORT 12753805 IDEA TEAM WORK LLC 12753806 IDEA VILLAGE LLC 12732226 IDEAL `DUE DILIGENCE` LLC 12738265 IDEAL MARKETING GROUP, INC. 12738266 IDEAL MARKETING GROUP, INC. 12738267 IDEAL MARKETING GROUP, INC. 12738268 IDEAL MARKETING GROUP, INC. 12764275 Ideal Ventures LLC 12719941 IDEAL VENTURES LLC. 12719942 IDEAL VENTURES LLC. IMPORT 1271

***[604. DUE DILIGENCE 2.]*** MMACK SHOPPING CENTER ASSOCIATES 12728831 COMMERCE HUB 12728830 COMMERCE HUB ARNOLD, DREW SEVEN PENN PLAZA, SUITE 618 255 FULLER ROAD, SUITE 327 25736 NETWORK PLACE 12727124 COMMERCIAL DUE DILIGENCE 3550 W ROBINSON STREET 3RD FLO 12727123 COMMERCIAL `DUE DILIGENCE` P.O. BOX 677858 12725837 COMMERCIAL INVESTMEN PROP.INC. 12725836 COMMERCIAL INVESTMEN PROP.INC. 12816615 COMMINS, CHARLES 12756460 COMMISSION JUNCTION INC 12756458 COMMISSION JUNCTION INC 12756459 COMMISSION JUNCTION INC 12757529 COMMISSION JUNCTION

***[604. DUE DILIGENCE 1.]*** OX 734592 12775256 COMMACK SHOPPING CENTER ASSOCIATES 12775257 COMMACK SHOPPING CENTER ASSOCIATES 12728831 COMMERCE HUB 12728830 COMMERCE HUB ARNOLD, DREW SEVEN PENN PLAZA, SUITE 618 255 FULLER ROAD, SUITE 327 25736 NETWORK PLACE 12727124 COMMERCIAL `DUE DILIGENCE` 3550 W ROBINSON STREET 3RD FLO 12727123 COMMERCIAL DUE DILIGENCE P.O. BOX 677858 12725837 COMMERCIAL INVESTMEN PROP.INC. 12725836 COMMERCIAL INVESTMEN PROP.INC. 12816615 COMMINS, CHARLES 12756460 COMMISSION JUNCTION INC 12756458 COMMISSION JUNCTION 


### ./BBBY/dockets/576.pdf
***[576. due diligence 2.]*** lated using the “gross rings” method, divided by the Retail Price of the Merchandise sold, calculated using the “gross rings” method. (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 

***[576. due diligence 1.]*** 9375-AE71-45C9-A4C2-1225625296DB Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 576 Filed 05/30/23 Entered 05/30/23 22:37:00 Desc Main Document Page 39 of 156 (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 


### ./BBBY/dockets/495.pdf
***[495. due diligence 2.]*** constitute Force Majeure: (i) the financial inability of a party to perform its obligations under this Lease; or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable Legal Requirements that could have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party hereto. Section 23.5 Consents. Except as may be otherwise expressly set forth in this Lease, whenever under this Lease provision is made for either party’s securing the consent or approval of the other party, (i) such consent or approval 

***[495. due diligence 1.]*** 0 earthquake, hurricane or tornado (or comparable weather conditions of unusual severity), or other reasons of an extraordinary nature which are beyond the reasonable control of the party and which could not have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party (collectively referred to herein as “Force Majeure”), then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period of the delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the following shall not constitute Force 


### ./BBBY/dockets/446.pdf
***[446. due diligence 3.]*** he Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny the request. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to providing diligence to such Qualified Bidder. All `due diligence` shall be completed prior to the applicable Bid Deadline. H. Bid Deadline. All Qualified Bids must be submitted to A&G, with copy to Debtors’ counsel in accordance with paragraph D(i), so as to be actually received not later than 5:00 p.m. (prevailin

***[446. Due Diligence 2.]*** ”) in connection with a Lease Auction and (b) in connection with any staking horse agreement with a Stalking Horse Bidder, provide for a breakup fee (the “Breakup Fee”) in an amount not to exceed three percent (3%) of the proposed Purchase Price. G. `Due Diligence`. Any Qualified Bidder may request diligence from the Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny the request. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to

***[446. due diligence 1.]*** et both individually and as part of a group in order to determine which option maximizes value of the assets; Contains no contingencies to the validity, effectiveness, and/or binding nature of the bid, including without limitation, contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection (other than as set forth in Exhibit A) or financing of any kind; Contains documentation acceptable to the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, evidencing that the bidder has financial resources sufficient to close t


### ./BBBY/dockets/422.pdf
***[422. due diligence 3.]*** he Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny the request. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to providing diligence to such Qualified Bidder. All `due diligence` shall be completed prior to the applicable Bid Deadline. H. Bid Deadline. All Qualified Bids must be submitted to A&G, with copy to Debtors’ counsel in accordance with paragraph D(i), so as to be actually received not later than 5:00 p.m. (prevailin

***[422. Due Diligence 2.]*** ”) in connection with a Lease Auction and (b) in connection with any staking horse agreement with a Stalking Horse Bidder, provide for a breakup fee (the “Breakup Fee”) in an amount not to exceed three percent (3%) of the proposed Purchase Price. G. `Due Diligence`. Any Qualified Bidder may request diligence from the Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny the request. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to

***[422. due diligence 1.]*** et both individually and as part of a group in order to determine which option maximizes value of the assets; Contains no contingencies to the validity, effectiveness, and/or binding nature of the bid, including without limitation, contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection (other than as set forth in Exhibit A) or financing of any kind; Contains documentation acceptable to the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, evidencing that the bidder has financial resources sufficient to close t


### ./BBBY/dockets/415.pdf
***[415. due diligence 6.]*** he Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny the request. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to providing diligence to such Qualified Bidder. All `due diligence` shall be completed prior to the applicable Bid Deadline. H. Bid Deadline. All Qualified Bids must be submitted to A&G, with copy to Debtors’ counsel in accordance with paragraph D(i), so as to be actually received not later than June 6, 2023, at 5:0

***[415. Due Diligence 5.]*** ”) in connection with a Lease Auction and (b) in connection with any staking horse agreement with a Stalking Horse Bidder, provide for a breakup fee (the “Breakup Fee”) in an amount not to exceed three percent (3%) of the proposed Purchase Price. G. `Due Diligence`. Any Qualified Bidder may request diligence from the Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny the request. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to

***[415. due diligence 4.]*** et both individually and as part of a group in order to determine which option maximizes value of the assets; Contains no contingencies to the validity, effectiveness, and/or binding nature of the bid, including without limitation, contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection (other than as set forth in Exhibit A) or financing of any kind; Contains documentation acceptable to the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, evidencing that the bidder has financial resources sufficient to close t

***[415. due diligence 3.]*** he Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny the request. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to providing diligence to such Qualified Bidder. All `due diligence` shall be completed prior to the applicable Bid Deadline. H. Bid Deadline. All Qualified Bids must be submitted to A&G, with copy to Debtors’ counsel in accordance with paragraph D(i), so as to be actually received not later than 5:00 p.m. (prevailin

***[415. Due Diligence 2.]*** ”) in connection with a Lease Auction and (b) in connection with any staking horse agreement with a Stalking Horse Bidder, provide for a breakup fee (the “Breakup Fee”) in an amount not to exceed three percent (3%) of the proposed Purchase Price. G. `Due Diligence`. Any Qualified Bidder may request diligence from the Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny the request. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to

***[415. due diligence 1.]*** et both individually and as part of a group in order to determine which option maximizes value of the assets; Contains no contingencies to the validity, effectiveness, and/or binding nature of the bid, including without limitation, contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection (other than as set forth in Exhibit A) or financing of any kind; Contains documentation acceptable to the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, evidencing that the bidder has financial resources sufficient to close t


### ./BBBY/dockets/283.pdf
***[283. Due diligence 1.]***  City of Dallas v. Cornerstone Bank, 879 S.W. 2d 264 (Tex. App. - Dallas 1994). The tax lien is a lien in solido and is a lien on all personal property of the Debtors. See In re Universal Seismic, 288 F.3d 205 (5th Cir. 2002). The tax lien is also 2 `Due diligence` is ongoing, and the Tax Claim amount is an estimate only and subject to change. 2 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 283 Filed 05/09/23 Entered 05/09/23 15:36:05 Desc Main Document Page 3 of 5 unavoidable. See In re: Winns, 177 B.R. 253 (Bankr. W.D. Tex. 1995). 


### ./BBBY/dockets/281.pdf
***[281. Due diligence 1.]***  City of Dallas v. Cornerstone Bank, 879 S.W. 2d 264 (Tex. App. - Dallas 1994). The tax lien is a lien in solido and is a lien on all personal property of the Debtors. See In re Universal Seismic, 288 F.3d 205 (5th Cir. 2002). The tax lien is also 2 `Due diligence` is ongoing, and the Tax Claim amount is an estimate only and subject to change. 2 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 281 Filed 05/09/23 Entered 05/09/23 15:31:14 Desc Main Document Page 3 of 5 unavoidable. See In re: Winns, 177 B.R. 253 (Bankr. W.D. Tex. 1995). 


### ./BBBY/dockets/274.pdf
***[274. due diligence 13.]*** he preceding ten (10) years; (c) has received written notice of default in the payment to the City of any taxes, sewer rents or water charges in excess of $5,000 that has not been cured or satisfied, unless such default is’ then being contested with `due diligence` in proceedings in a court or other appropriate forum; or (d) has, at any time in the three (3) preceding years, owned any property which, while in the ownership of such Person, was acquired by the City by in rem tax foreclosure, other than a propert

***[274. due diligence 12.]***  preceding ten 1 (10) years; ili. has received written notice of default in the payment to the City of any taxes, sewer rents or water charges in excess of $5,000 that has not been cured or satisfied, unless such default is then being contested with `due diligence`: in proceedings in a court or other appropriate forum; or iv. has, at any time in the three (3) preceding years, owned any property which, while in the ownership of such Person, was acquired by the City by in rem tax Addendum B-2 Case 23-13359-VFP D

***[274. due diligence 11.]*** the preceding ten (10) years; (3) has received written notice of default in the payment to the City of any taxes, sewer rents or water charges in excess of $5,000 that has not been cured or satisfied, unless such default is then being contested with `due diligence` in proceedings in a court or other appropriate forum; or (4) has, at any time in the three (3) preceding years, owned any property which, while in the ownership of such Person, was acquired by the City by in rem tax foreclosure, other than a propert

***[274. due diligence 10.]*** f record of the Facility Realty and the Agency had no leasehold estate in the Facility Realty. (c) The Lessee may at its sole cost and expense contest (after prior written notice to the Agency), by appropriate action conducted in good faith and with `due diligence`, the amount or validity or application, in whole or in part, of any Imposition, if (i) such proceeding shall suspend the execution or enforcement of such Imposition against the Facility or any part thereof or interest therein, or in the Company Leas

***[274. due diligence 9.]***  any materials that would give rise to any Lien against the Agency’s interest in the Facility. (b) The Lessee may at its sole cost and expense contest (after prior written notice to the Agency), by appropriate action conducted in good faith and with `due diligence`, the amount or validity or application, in whole or in part, of any Lien, if (i) such proceeding shall suspend the execution or enforcement of such Lien against the Facility or any part thereof or interest therein, or in the Company Lease or in this

***[274. due diligence 8.]*** t therefrom. ; (c) The certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.4(b) shall be accompanied by (i)a | certificate of occupancy (either temporary or permanent, provided that if it is a temporary certificate of occupancy, the Lessee will proceed with `due diligence` to obtain a permanent certificate of occupancy), if required, and any and all permissions, licenses or consents required of governmental authorities for the occupancy, operation and use of the Facility for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement

***[274. due diligence 7.]*** on of Counsel acceptable to the Agency to the effect that such rebuilding, replacement, repair or restoration shall not change the nature of the Facility as the Approved Facility and a qualified “project” as defined in the Act, iii) be effected with `due diligence` in a good and workmanlike manner, in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements and be promptly and fully paid for by the Lessee in accordance with the terms of the applicable contract(s) therefor, 4] NY:1348523.11 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 274-1

***[274. due diligence 6.]*** ty is not reduced below its value immediately before the Additional Improvements are made and the usefulness, structural integrity or operating efficiency of the Facility is not materially impaired, (ii) the Additional Improvements are effected with `due diligence`, in a good and workmanlike manner and in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements, ‘Gii) . the Additional Improvements are promptly and fully paid for by the Lessee in accordance with the terms of the applicable contract(s) therefor, and (i

***[274. due diligence 5.]*** he ten (10) preceding years; (iii has received written notice of default in the payment to the City of any taxes, sewer rents or water charges in excess of $5,000 that has not been cured or satisfied, unless such default is then being contested with `due diligence` in proceedings in a court or other appropriate forum; or (iv) has, at any time in the three (3) preceding years, owned any property which, while in the ownership of such Person, was acquired by the City by in rem tax foreclosure, other than a proper

***[274. due diligence 4.]*** the preceding ten (10) years; (3) has received written notice of default in the payment to the City of any taxes, sewer rents or water charges in excess of $5,000 that has not been cured or satisfied, unless such default is then being contested with `due diligence` in proceedings in a court or other appropriate forum; or (4) has, at any time in the three (3) preceding years, owned any property which, while in the ownership of such Person, was acquired by the City by in rem tax foreclosure, other than a propert

***[274. due diligence 3.]*** the preceding ten (10) years; (c) has received written notice of default in the payment to the City of any taxes, sewer rents or water charges in excess of $5,000 that has not been cured or satisfied, unless such default is then being contested with `due diligence` in proceedings in a court or other appropriate forum; or (d) has, at any time in the three (3) preceding years, owned any property which, while in the ownership of such Person, was acquired by the City by in rem tax foreclosure, other than a propert

***[274. due diligence 2.]*** delays resulting from cyber-attacks, power failures, or other events of Force Majeure affecting the availability of funds); or (ii) delays occurring in the course of complying with applicable Laws that could have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party hereto. A party wishing to invoke this Section shall give the other party notice of that intention within ten (10) days of the commencement of any event of Force Majeure and shall, at that time, specify the reasons therefor, the specific 

***[274. due diligence 1.]***  earthquake, hurricane or tornado (or comparable weather conditions of unusual severity), or other reasons of an extraordinary nature which are beyond the reasonable control of the party, and which could not have been avoided through the exercise of `due diligence` by a party (collectively referred to herein as “Force Majeure”), then the performance of any such act shall be excused for a period equal to the period of the delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the following shall not constitute Force 


### ./BBBY/dockets/193.pdf
***[193. due diligence 9.]*** he Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny the request. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to providing diligence to such Qualified Bidder. All `due diligence` shall be completed prior to the applicable Bid Deadline. 5 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 193 Filed 05/03/23 Entered 05/03/23 23:37:08 Desc Main Document Page 60 of 107 H. Bid Deadline. All Qualified Bids must be submitted to A&G, with copy to Debtors’ couns

***[193. Due Diligence 8.]*** ”) in connection with a Lease Auction and (b) in connection with any staking horse agreement with a Stalking Horse Bidder, provide for a breakup fee (the “Breakup Fee”) in an amount not to exceed three percent (3%) of the proposed Purchase Price. G. `Due Diligence`. Any Qualified Bidder may request diligence from the Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny the request. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to

***[193. due diligence 7.]*** et both individually and as part of a group in order to determine which option maximizes value of the assets; Contains no contingencies to the validity, effectiveness, and/or binding nature of the bid, including without limitation, contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection (other than as set forth in Exhibit A) or financing of any kind; Contains documentation acceptable to the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, evidencing that the bidder has financial resources sufficient to close t

***[193. due diligence 6.]*** R. 191, 194 (Bankr. N.D. Ohio 1992) (“[W]ithout such fees, bidders would be reluctant to make an initial bid for fear that their first bid will be shopped around for a higher bid from another bidder who would capitalize on the initial bidder’s . . . `due diligence`.”). 43. The Debtors believe that the ability to offer the Breakup Fee should they, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, deem it necessary and appropriate, is in the best interests of the Debtors’ estates and their creditors, as the Stalkin

***[193. due diligence 5.]*** .), 321 B.R. 496, 497–98 (B.A.P. 8th Cir. 2005). As a result, stalking horse bidders often require breakup fees as an inducement for “setting the floor at auction, exposing its bid to competing bidders, and providing other bidders with access to the `due diligence` necessary to enter into an asset purchase agreement.” Interforum Holding, 2011 WL 2671254, at *1 (citations omitted). Thus, the use of breakup fees has become an established practice in chapter 11 cases. 42. Indeed, breakup fees are a normal and, in

***[193. due diligence 4.]*** :08 Desc Main Document Page 21 of 107 ability to close the transaction. In particular, the Lease Sale Procedures contemplate an open auction process with minimum barriers to entry and provide potential bidding parties with sufficient time to perform `due diligence` and acquire the information necessary to submit a timely and well-informed bid. 39. At the same time, the Lease Sale Procedures provide the Debtors with a robust, final opportunity to consider competing bids and select the highest or otherwise best 

***[193. due diligence 3.]*** ntain no contingencies to the validity, effectiveness, and/or binding nature of the bid, including without limitation, Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 193 Filed 05/03/23 Entered 05/03/23 23:37:08 Desc Main Document Page 10 of 107 (i) (j) (k) contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection or financing of any kind. Lease Sale Procedures, § D(i)(c). Irrevocability: A Qualified Bid, if determined to be the Successful Bid or Backup Bid, will be irrevocable for a period of thirty (30) days after the conclusion of the Lease 

***[193. due diligence 2.]*** ation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny any such request that they deem to be unreasonable. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to execute a non-disclosure agreement prior to providing diligence to such Qualified Bidder. All `due diligence` must be completed prior to the submission of any bid. Lease Sale Procedures, § G. (h) No Contingencies: A Qualified Bid must contain no contingencies to the validity, effectiveness, and/or binding nature of the bid, including without limitation, Cas

***[193. Due Diligence 1.]*** form lease termination agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, marked to show any proposed revisions, which are acceptable to the Debtors in consultation with the Consultation Parties. Lease Sale Procedures, § D(i)(a). (g) `Due Diligence`: Any Qualified Bidder may request diligence from the Debtors, and the Debtors, in consultation with the Consultation Parties, may grant or deny any such request that they deem to be unreasonable. The Debtors may require such Qualified Bidder to exec


### ./BBBY/dockets/181.pdf
***[181. due diligence 1.]*** gre Drinker, Kirkland & Ellis, Morgan Lewis & Bockius, and Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP on other matters unrelated to these Chapter 11 Cases. On matters entirely unrelated to the Debtors, B. Riley and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates have provided `due diligence`, asset appraisal, consultation, enterprise valuation, and/or field exam services in the ordinary course of business to many lenders, investors, and other market participants, some of whom may be creditors, equity security holders and other Parties i


### ./BBBY/dockets/145.pdf
***[145. due diligence 2.]*** lated using the “gross rings” method, divided by the Retail Price of the Merchandise sold, calculated using the “gross rings” method. (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 

***[145. due diligence 1.]*** :68)(cid:79)(cid:79)(cid:3)(cid:80)(cid:72)(cid:68)(cid:81)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:75)(cid:72)(cid:3)(cid:48)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:70)(cid:75)(cid:68)(cid:81)(cid:87)(cid:182)(cid:86)(cid:3)books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) (cid:179)(cid:53)(cid:72)(cid:87)(cid:68)(cid:76)(cid:79)(cid:3)(cid:51)(cid:85)(cid:76)(cid:70)(cid:72)(cid:180)(cid:3)(cid:86)(cid:75)(cid:68)(cid:79)(cid:79)(cid:3)mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of M


### ./BBBY/dockets/137.pdf
***[137. due diligence 21.]*** f such investment for an indefinite period of time. Purchaser has been afforded full access to the books and records, facilities and personnel of the Acquired Entities for purposes of conducting a due diligence investigation and has conducted a full `due diligence` investigation of the Acquired Entities and is satisfied with the access and materials made available to it in connection with such investigation and the scope and results of such investigation. 4.8 Certain Arrangements. As of the date hereof, there 

***[137. due diligence 20.]*** t and is able to bear the substantial economic risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time. Purchaser has been afforded full access to the books and records, facilities and personnel of the Acquired Entities for purposes of conducting a `due diligence` investigation and has conducted a full due diligence investigation of the Acquired Entities and is satisfied with the access and materials made available to it in connection with such investigation and the scope and results of such investigation. 4.

***[137. due diligence 19.]*** able Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) or that a bid made by such bidder is not a Qualified Bid. Brendan Shea and Erik Overman at Lazard shall coordinate all requests for additional information and `due diligence` access on behalf of the Debtors. They can be reached at project.butterfly.2023.wg@lazard.com VII. Bid Deadline. Binding Bids must be submitted in writing to the following parties (the “Bid Notice Parties”) so as to be actually received no later than

***[137. due diligence 18.]*** g any Qualified Bidder) to consummate its contemplated transaction. Failure by an Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) to comply with such reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access may be a basis for the Debtors, to determine that such bidder is no longer an Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) or that a bid made by such bidder is not a Qualified Bid. Brendan S

***[137. due diligence 17.]***  any Qualified Bidders) shall be through Lazard. B. Due Diligence from Acceptable Bidders (including Qualified Bidders). Each Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) shall comply with all reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access requested by the Debtors or their advisors and their respective advisors, regarding the ability of such Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) to consummate its contemplated transaction. Failure by an Acceptable Bidder (including 

***[137. Due Diligence 16.]***  Qualified Bidders). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bidding Procedures, all substantive direct communications, including any diligence requests, with Acceptable Bidders (including any Qualified Bidders) shall be through Lazard. B. `Due Diligence` from Acceptable Bidders (including Qualified Bidders). Each Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) shall comply with all reasonable requests for additional information and due diligence access requested by the Debtors or their advisors a

***[137. due diligence 15.]*** n Acceptable Bidder or such Acceptable Bidder’s duly authorized representatives to the extent provided in an applicable Confidentiality Agreement. The Debtors and their advisors shall coordinate all reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access from Acceptable Bidders; provided that the Debtors may decline to provide such information to Acceptable Bidders who, in the Debtors’ reasonable business judgment have not established, or who have raised doubt, that such Acceptable Bidders in

***[137. due diligence 14.]*** out the prior written consent of the Debtors. The due diligence period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any due diligence information. In connection with the provision of `due diligence` information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors shall not furnish any confidential information relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction to any person except an Acceptable Bidder or such Acceptable Bidder’s duly authorized representatives to

***[137. due diligence 13.]*** supplier, or other contractual counterparty of the Debtors without the prior written consent of the Debtors. The due diligence period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any `due diligence` information. In connection with the provision of due diligence information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors shall not furnish any confidential information relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction to any person except an Acceptable Bidder

***[137. due diligence 12.]*** contact or initiate or engage in discussions in respect of matters relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction with any customer, supplier, or other contractual counterparty of the Debtors without the prior written consent of the Debtors. The `due diligence` period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any due diligence information. In connection with the provision of due diligence information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors sh

***[137. due diligence 11.]*** ptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking due diligence access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written `due diligence` provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data room for the benefit of all Acceptable Bidders. To the extent the Debtors provide any material written information to an Acceptable Bidder that the Debtors had not previously provided

***[137. due diligence 10.]*** table Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking `due diligence` access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written due diligence provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data room for the benefit of all Acceptable Bidders. To the extent the Debtors provide any materia

***[137. due diligence 9.]***  an electronic data room and reasonable due diligence information, as requested by such Acceptable Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any `due diligence` disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking due diligence access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written due diligence provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data 

***[137. due diligence 8.]*** ality Agreement. Beginning on the date the Debtors determine that a party is an Acceptable Bidder, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors will provide such Acceptable Bidder with access to an electronic data room and reasonable `due diligence` information, as requested by such Acceptable Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acce

***[137. due diligence 7.]*** e Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive due diligence information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any `due diligence` without entry into a Confidentiality Agreement. Beginning on the date the Debtors determine that a party is an Acceptable Bidder, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors will provide such Acceptable Bidder with access to an elec

***[137. due diligence 6.]*** y deemed Qualified Bidders (and their Bids (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Credit Bids) are hereby deemed Qualified Bids with respect to the Assets. VI. Obtaining Due Diligence Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive `due diligence` information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any due diligence without entry into a Confidentiality Agreement. Beginning on t

***[137. Due Diligence 5.]*** aith Deposit requirement (whether for a Credit Bid or otherwise), are hereby deemed Qualified Bidders (and their Bids (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Credit Bids) are hereby deemed Qualified Bids with respect to the Assets. VI. Obtaining `Due Diligence` Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive due diligence information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any d

***[137. due diligence 4.]*** cific person(s) whom Lazard and Kirkland & Ellis LLP should contact regarding such Bid; As-Is, Where-Is: Each Bid must include a written acknowledgement and representation that the Acceptable Bidder: (i) has had an opportunity to conduct any and all `due diligence` prior to making its offer; (ii) has relied solely upon its own independent review, investigation, and/or inspection of any documents and/or the assets in making its Bid; and (iii) did not rely upon any written or oral statements, representations, pr

***[137. due diligence 3.]*** nts and conditions acceptable to the Debtors; Contingencies; No Financing or Diligence Outs: The Bid must not contain any contingencies as to the validity, effectiveness, or binding nature of the Bid, including, without limitation, contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection or financing of any kind (including any conditions pertaining to financial 4 e. f. g. h. Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 137 Filed 04/27/23 Entered 04/28/23 00:16:19 Desc Imaged Certificate of Notice Page 22 of 126 i. j. k. l. m. performance, c

***[137. due diligence 2.]*** ertificate of Notice Page 20 of 126 The Debtors, in consultation with their advisors, will determine and notify each Potential Bidder whether such Potential Bidder has submitted adequate documents so that such Potential Bidder may proceed to conduct `due diligence` and submit a bid (such Potential Bidder, an “Acceptable Bidder”). The Debtors shall promptly inform the Consultation Parties of any entity that becomes an Acceptable Bidder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the DIP Agent, Prepetition

***[137. due diligence 1.]*** list and general description of the Assets for sale (such Assets, the “Specified Assets”). III. Potential Bidder Requirements. To participate in the bidding process or otherwise be considered for any purpose hereunder, including to receive access to `due diligence` materials, a person or entity interested in purchasing the Assets or part of the Assets (a “Potential Bidder”) must deliver or have previously delivered to the Debtors the following preliminary documentation (collectively, the “Preliminary Bid Docum


### ./BBBY/dockets/102.pdf
***[102. due diligence 2.]*** lated using the “gross rings” method, divided by the Retail Price of the Merchandise sold, calculated using the “gross rings” method. (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 

***[102. due diligence 1.]*** 9375-AE71-45C9-A4C2-1225625296DB Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 102 Filed 04/25/23 Entered 04/25/23 17:35:29 Desc Main Document Page 36 of 115 (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 


### ./BBBY/dockets/92.pdf
***[92. due diligence 21.]*** f such investment for an indefinite period of time. Purchaser has been afforded full access to the books and records, facilities and personnel of the Acquired Entities for purposes of conducting a due diligence investigation and has conducted a full `due diligence` investigation of the Acquired Entities and is satisfied with the access and materials made available to it in connection with such investigation and the scope and results of such investigation. 4.8 Certain Arrangements. As of the date hereof, there 

***[92. due diligence 20.]*** t and is able to bear the substantial economic risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time. Purchaser has been afforded full access to the books and records, facilities and personnel of the Acquired Entities for purposes of conducting a `due diligence` investigation and has conducted a full due diligence investigation of the Acquired Entities and is satisfied with the access and materials made available to it in connection with such investigation and the scope and results of such investigation. 4.

***[92. due diligence 19.]*** able Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) or that a bid made by such bidder is not a Qualified Bid. Brendan Shea and Erik Overman at Lazard shall coordinate all requests for additional information and `due diligence` access on behalf of the Debtors. They can be reached at project.butterfly.2023.wg@lazard.com VII. Bid Deadline. Binding Bids must be submitted in writing to the following parties (the “Bid Notice Parties”) so as to be actually received no later than

***[92. due diligence 18.]*** g any Qualified Bidder) to consummate its contemplated transaction. Failure by an Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) to comply with such reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access may be a basis for the Debtors, to determine that such bidder is no longer an Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) or that a bid made by such bidder is not a Qualified Bid. Brendan S

***[92. due diligence 17.]***  any Qualified Bidders) shall be through Lazard. B. Due Diligence from Acceptable Bidders (including Qualified Bidders). Each Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) shall comply with all reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access requested by the Debtors or their advisors and their respective advisors, regarding the ability of such Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) to consummate its contemplated transaction. Failure by an Acceptable Bidder (including 

***[92. Due Diligence 16.]***  Qualified Bidders). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bidding Procedures, all substantive direct communications, including any diligence requests, with Acceptable Bidders (including any Qualified Bidders) shall be through Lazard. B. `Due Diligence` from Acceptable Bidders (including Qualified Bidders). Each Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) shall comply with all reasonable requests for additional information and due diligence access requested by the Debtors or their advisors a

***[92. due diligence 15.]*** n Acceptable Bidder or such Acceptable Bidder’s duly authorized representatives to the extent provided in an applicable Confidentiality Agreement. The Debtors and their advisors shall coordinate all reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access from Acceptable Bidders; provided that the Debtors may decline to provide such information to Acceptable Bidders who, in the Debtors’ reasonable business judgment have not established, or who have raised doubt, that such Acceptable Bidders in

***[92. due diligence 14.]*** out the prior written consent of the Debtors. The due diligence period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any due diligence information. In connection with the provision of `due diligence` information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors shall not furnish any confidential information relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction to any person except an Acceptable Bidder or such Acceptable Bidder’s duly authorized representatives to

***[92. due diligence 13.]*** supplier, or other contractual counterparty of the Debtors without the prior written consent of the Debtors. The due diligence period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any `due diligence` information. In connection with the provision of due diligence information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors shall not furnish any confidential information relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction to any person except an Acceptable Bidder

***[92. due diligence 12.]*** contact or initiate or engage in discussions in respect of matters relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction with any customer, supplier, or other contractual counterparty of the Debtors without the prior written consent of the Debtors. The `due diligence` period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any due diligence information. In connection with the provision of due diligence information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors sh

***[92. due diligence 11.]*** ptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking due diligence access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written `due diligence` provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data room for the benefit of all Acceptable Bidders. To the extent the Debtors provide any material written information to an Acceptable Bidder that the Debtors had not previously provided

***[92. due diligence 10.]*** table Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking `due diligence` access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written due diligence provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data room for the benefit of all Acceptable Bidders. To the extent the Debtors provide any materia

***[92. due diligence 9.]***  an electronic data room and reasonable due diligence information, as requested by such Acceptable Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any `due diligence` disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking due diligence access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written due diligence provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data 

***[92. due diligence 8.]*** ality Agreement. Beginning on the date the Debtors determine that a party is an Acceptable Bidder, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors will provide such Acceptable Bidder with access to an electronic data room and reasonable `due diligence` information, as requested by such Acceptable Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acce

***[92. due diligence 7.]*** e Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive due diligence information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any `due diligence` without entry into a Confidentiality Agreement. Beginning on the date the Debtors determine that a party is an Acceptable Bidder, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors will provide such Acceptable Bidder with access to an elec

***[92. due diligence 6.]*** y deemed Qualified Bidders (and their Bids (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Credit Bids) are hereby deemed Qualified Bids with respect to the Assets. VI. Obtaining Due Diligence Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive `due diligence` information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any due diligence without entry into a Confidentiality Agreement. Beginning on t

***[92. Due Diligence 5.]*** aith Deposit requirement (whether for a Credit Bid or otherwise), are hereby deemed Qualified Bidders (and their Bids (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Credit Bids) are hereby deemed Qualified Bids with respect to the Assets. VI. Obtaining `Due Diligence` Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive due diligence information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any d

***[92. due diligence 4.]*** cific person(s) whom Lazard and Kirkland & Ellis LLP should contact regarding such Bid; As-Is, Where-Is: Each Bid must include a written acknowledgement and representation that the Acceptable Bidder: (i) has had an opportunity to conduct any and all `due diligence` prior to making its offer; (ii) has relied solely upon its own independent review, investigation, and/or inspection of any documents and/or the assets in making its Bid; and (iii) did not rely upon any written or oral statements, representations, pr

***[92. due diligence 3.]*** nts and conditions acceptable to the Debtors; Contingencies; No Financing or Diligence Outs: The Bid must not contain any contingencies as to the validity, effectiveness, or binding nature of the Bid, including, without limitation, contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection or financing of any kind (including any conditions pertaining to financial 4 e. f. g. h. Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 92 Filed 04/25/23 Entered 04/25/23 16:56:06 Desc Main Document Page 22 of 120 i. j. k. l. m. performance, conditions, or pr

***[92. due diligence 2.]*** 6 Desc Main Document Page 20 of 120 The Debtors, in consultation with their advisors, will determine and notify each Potential Bidder whether such Potential Bidder has submitted adequate documents so that such Potential Bidder may proceed to conduct `due diligence` and submit a bid (such Potential Bidder, an “Acceptable Bidder”). The Debtors shall promptly inform the Consultation Parties of any entity that becomes an Acceptable Bidder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the DIP Agent, Prepetition

***[92. due diligence 1.]*** list and general description of the Assets for sale (such Assets, the “Specified Assets”). III. Potential Bidder Requirements. To participate in the bidding process or otherwise be considered for any purpose hereunder, including to receive access to `due diligence` materials, a person or entity interested in purchasing the Assets or part of the Assets (a “Potential Bidder”) must deliver or have previously delivered to the Debtors the following preliminary documentation (collectively, the “Preliminary Bid Docum


### ./BBBY/dockets/71.pdf
***[71. due diligence 38.]*** able Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) or that a bid made by such bidder is not a Qualified Bid. Brendan Shea and Erik Overman at Lazard shall coordinate all requests for additional information and `due diligence` access on behalf of the Debtors. They can be reached at project.butterfly.2023.wg@lazard.com VII. Bid Deadline. Binding Bids must be submitted in writing to the following parties (the “Bid Notice Parties”) so as to be actually received no later than

***[71. due diligence 37.]*** g any Qualified Bidder) to consummate its contemplated transaction. Failure by an Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) to comply with such reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access may be a basis for the Debtors, to determine that such bidder is no longer an Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) or that a bid made by such bidder is not a Qualified Bid. Brendan S

***[71. due diligence 36.]***  any Qualified Bidders) shall be through Lazard. B. Due Diligence from Acceptable Bidders (including Qualified Bidders). Each Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) shall comply with all reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access requested by the Debtors or their advisors and their respective advisors, regarding the ability of such Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) to consummate its contemplated transaction. Failure by an Acceptable Bidder (including 

***[71. Due Diligence 35.]***  Qualified Bidders). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bidding Procedures, all substantive direct communications, including any diligence requests, with Acceptable Bidders (including any Qualified Bidders) shall be through Lazard. B. `Due Diligence` from Acceptable Bidders (including Qualified Bidders). Each Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) shall comply with all reasonable requests for additional information and due diligence access requested by the Debtors or their advisors a

***[71. due diligence 34.]*** n Acceptable Bidder or such Acceptable Bidder’s duly authorized representatives to the extent provided in an applicable Confidentiality Agreement. The Debtors and their advisors shall coordinate all reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access from Acceptable Bidders; provided that the Debtors may decline to provide such information to Acceptable Bidders who, in the Debtors’ reasonable business judgment have not established, or who have raised doubt, that such Acceptable Bidders in

***[71. due diligence 33.]*** d subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any due diligence 9 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 71 Filed 04/24/23 Entered 04/24/23 15:24:05 Desc Main Document Page 91 of 108 information. In connection with the provision of `due diligence` information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors shall not furnish any confidential information relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction to any person except an Acceptable Bidder or such Acceptable Bidder’s duly authorized representatives to

***[71. due diligence 32.]*** supplier, or other contractual counterparty of the Debtors without the prior written consent of the Debtors. The due diligence period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any `due diligence` 9 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 71 Filed 04/24/23 Entered 04/24/23 15:24:05 Desc Main Document Page 91 of 108 information. In connection with the provision of due diligence information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors shall not furnish any confidential in

***[71. due diligence 31.]*** contact or initiate or engage in discussions in respect of matters relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction with any customer, supplier, or other contractual counterparty of the Debtors without the prior written consent of the Debtors. The `due diligence` period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any due diligence 9 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 71 Filed 04/24/23 Entered 04/24/23 15:24:05 Desc Main Document Page 91 of 108 informatio

***[71. due diligence 30.]*** ptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking due diligence access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written `due diligence` provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data room for the benefit of all Acceptable Bidders. To the extent the Debtors provide any material written information to an Acceptable Bidder that the Debtors had not previously provided

***[71. due diligence 29.]*** table Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking `due diligence` access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written due diligence provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data room for the benefit of all Acceptable Bidders. To the extent the Debtors provide any materia

***[71. due diligence 28.]***  an electronic data room and reasonable due diligence information, as requested by such Acceptable Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any `due diligence` disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking due diligence access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written due diligence provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data 

***[71. due diligence 27.]*** ality Agreement. Beginning on the date the Debtors determine that a party is an Acceptable Bidder, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors will provide such Acceptable Bidder with access to an electronic data room and reasonable `due diligence` information, as requested by such Acceptable Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acce

***[71. due diligence 26.]*** e Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive due diligence information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any `due diligence` without entry into a Confidentiality Agreement. Beginning on the date the Debtors determine that a party is an Acceptable Bidder, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors will provide such Acceptable Bidder with access to an elec

***[71. due diligence 25.]*** y deemed Qualified Bidders (and their Bids (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Credit Bids) are hereby deemed Qualified Bids with respect to the Assets. VI. Obtaining Due Diligence Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive `due diligence` information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any due diligence without entry into a Confidentiality Agreement. Beginning on t

***[71. Due Diligence 24.]*** aith Deposit requirement (whether for a Credit Bid or otherwise), are hereby deemed Qualified Bidders (and their Bids (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Credit Bids) are hereby deemed Qualified Bids with respect to the Assets. VI. Obtaining `Due Diligence` Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive due diligence information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any d

***[71. due diligence 23.]*** cific person(s) whom Lazard and Kirkland & Ellis LLP should contact regarding such Bid; As-Is, Where-Is: Each Bid must include a written acknowledgement and representation that the Acceptable Bidder: (i) has had an opportunity to conduct any and all `due diligence` prior to making its offer; (ii) has relied solely upon its own independent review, investigation, and/or inspection of any documents and/or the assets in making its Bid; and (iii) did not rely upon any written or oral statements, representations, pr

***[71. due diligence 22.]*** nts and conditions acceptable to the Debtors; Contingencies; No Financing or Diligence Outs: The Bid must not contain any contingencies as to the validity, effectiveness, or binding nature of the Bid, including, without limitation, contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection or financing of any kind (including any conditions pertaining to financial performance, conditions, or prospects) and all diligence must be completed before the Bid Deadline. Identity: Each Bid must fully disclose the identity of each

***[71. due diligence 21.]***  the extent reasonably practicable. The Debtors, in consultation with their advisors, will determine and notify each Potential Bidder whether such Potential Bidder has submitted adequate documents so that such Potential Bidder may proceed to conduct `due diligence` and submit a bid (such Potential Bidder, an “Acceptable Bidder”). The Debtors shall promptly inform the Consultation Parties of any entity that becomes an Acceptable Bidder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the DIP Agent, Prepetition

***[71. due diligence 20.]*** tion of the Assets for sale (such Assets, the “Specified Assets”). their post (iii) and on III. Potential Bidder Requirements. To participate in the bidding process or otherwise be considered for any purpose hereunder, including to receive access to `due diligence` materials, a person or entity interested in purchasing the Assets or part of the Assets (a “Potential Bidder”) must deliver or have previously delivered to the Debtors the following preliminary documentation (collectively, the “Preliminary Bid Docum

***[71. due diligence 19.]*** able Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) or that a bid made by such bidder is not a Qualified Bid. Brendan Shea and Erik Overman at Lazard shall coordinate all requests for additional information and `due diligence` access on behalf of the Debtors. They can be reached at project.butterfly.2023.wg@lazard.com VII. Bid Deadline. Binding Bids must be submitted in writing to the following parties (the “Bid Notice Parties”) so as to be actually received no later than

***[71. due diligence 18.]*** g any Qualified Bidder) to consummate its contemplated transaction. Failure by an Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) to comply with such reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access may be a basis for the Debtors, to determine that such bidder is no longer an Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) or that a bid made by such bidder is not a Qualified Bid. Brendan S

***[71. due diligence 17.]***  any Qualified Bidders) shall be through Lazard. B. Due Diligence from Acceptable Bidders (including Qualified Bidders). Each Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) shall comply with all reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access requested by the Debtors or their advisors and their respective advisors, regarding the ability of such Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) to consummate its contemplated transaction. Failure by an Acceptable Bidder (including 

***[71. Due Diligence 16.]***  Qualified Bidders). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bidding Procedures, all substantive direct communications, including any diligence requests, with Acceptable Bidders (including any Qualified Bidders) shall be through Lazard. B. `Due Diligence` from Acceptable Bidders (including Qualified Bidders). Each Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) shall comply with all reasonable requests for additional information and due diligence access requested by the Debtors or their advisors a

***[71. due diligence 15.]*** n Acceptable Bidder or such Acceptable Bidder’s duly authorized representatives to the extent provided in an applicable Confidentiality Agreement. The Debtors and their advisors shall coordinate all reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access from Acceptable Bidders; provided that the Debtors may decline to provide such information to Acceptable Bidders who, in the Debtors’ reasonable business judgment have not established, or who have raised doubt, that such Acceptable Bidders in

***[71. due diligence 14.]*** out the prior written consent of the Debtors. The due diligence period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any due diligence information. In connection with the provision of `due diligence` information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors shall not furnish any confidential information relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction to any person except an Acceptable Bidder or such Acceptable Bidder’s duly authorized representatives to

***[71. due diligence 13.]*** supplier, or other contractual counterparty of the Debtors without the prior written consent of the Debtors. The due diligence period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any `due diligence` information. In connection with the provision of due diligence information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors shall not furnish any confidential information relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction to any person except an Acceptable Bidder

***[71. due diligence 12.]*** contact or initiate or engage in discussions in respect of matters relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction with any customer, supplier, or other contractual counterparty of the Debtors without the prior written consent of the Debtors. The `due diligence` period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any due diligence information. In connection with the provision of due diligence information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors sh

***[71. due diligence 11.]*** ptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking due diligence access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written `due diligence` provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data room for the benefit of all Acceptable Bidders. To the extent the Debtors provide any material written information to an Acceptable Bidder that the Debtors had not previously provided

***[71. due diligence 10.]*** table Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking `due diligence` access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written due diligence provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data room for the benefit of all Acceptable Bidders. To the extent the Debtors provide any materia

***[71. due diligence 9.]***  an electronic data room and reasonable due diligence information, as requested by such Acceptable Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any `due diligence` disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking due diligence access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written due diligence provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data 

***[71. due diligence 8.]*** ality Agreement. Beginning on the date the Debtors determine that a party is an Acceptable Bidder, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors will provide such Acceptable Bidder with access to an electronic data room and reasonable `due diligence` information, as requested by such Acceptable Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acce

***[71. due diligence 7.]*** e Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive due diligence information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any `due diligence` without entry into a Confidentiality Agreement. Beginning on the date the Debtors determine that a party is an Acceptable Bidder, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors will provide such Acceptable Bidder with access to an elec

***[71. due diligence 6.]*** y deemed Qualified Bidders (and their Bids (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Credit Bids) are hereby deemed Qualified Bids with respect to the Assets. VI. Obtaining Due Diligence Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive `due diligence` information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any due diligence without entry into a Confidentiality Agreement. Beginning on t

***[71. Due Diligence 5.]*** aith Deposit requirement (whether for a Credit Bid or otherwise), are hereby deemed Qualified Bidders (and their Bids (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Credit Bids) are hereby deemed Qualified Bids with respect to the Assets. VI. Obtaining `Due Diligence` Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive due diligence information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any d

***[71. due diligence 4.]*** cific person(s) whom Lazard and Kirkland & Ellis LLP should contact regarding such Bid; As-Is, Where-Is: Each Bid must include a written acknowledgement and representation that the Acceptable Bidder: (i) has had an opportunity to conduct any and all `due diligence` prior to making its offer; (ii) has relied solely upon its own independent review, investigation, and/or inspection of any documents and/or the assets in making its Bid; and (iii) did not rely upon any written or oral statements, representations, pr

***[71. due diligence 3.]*** nts and conditions acceptable to the Debtors; Contingencies; No Financing or Diligence Outs: The Bid must not contain any contingencies as to the validity, effectiveness, or binding nature of the Bid, including, without limitation, contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection or financing of any kind (including any conditions pertaining to financial 4 e. f. g. h. Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 71 Filed 04/24/23 Entered 04/24/23 15:24:05 Desc Main Document Page 32 of 108 i. j. k. l. m. performance, conditions, or pr

***[71. due diligence 2.]*** 5 Desc Main Document Page 30 of 108 The Debtors, in consultation with their advisors, will determine and notify each Potential Bidder whether such Potential Bidder has submitted adequate documents so that such Potential Bidder may proceed to conduct `due diligence` and submit a bid (such Potential Bidder, an “Acceptable Bidder”). The Debtors shall promptly inform the Consultation Parties of any entity that becomes an Acceptable Bidder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the DIP Agent, Prepetition

***[71. due diligence 1.]*** list and general description of the Assets for sale (such Assets, the “Specified Assets”). III. Potential Bidder Requirements. To participate in the bidding process or otherwise be considered for any purpose hereunder, including to receive access to `due diligence` materials, a person or entity interested in purchasing the Assets or part of the Assets (a “Potential Bidder”) must deliver or have previously delivered to the Debtors the following preliminary documentation (collectively, the “Preliminary Bid Docum


### ./BBBY/dockets/29.pdf
***[29. due diligence 26.]*** of the Debtors’ ecommerce sites available on the “waybackmachine” at www.archive.org, other information prepared by me or collected for me by the Debtors’ employees, and my conversations with the Debtors’ counsel or other advisors. 6. As part of the `due diligence` process, I personally tested the Company’s data processing practices by (a) re-creating an account at http://www.bedbathbeyond.com/ and http://www.buybuybaby.com/; (b) re-activating my membership in the Bed Bath & Beyond, 2 Capitalized terms used bu

***[29. due diligence 25.]*** rties with sufficient opportunity to participate. 14. As more fully described in the Bidding Procedures, the Bidding Procedures contain provisions relating to, among other things: (a) requirements to participate in the bidding process; (b) access to `due diligence` by Acceptable Bidders; (c) Bid Protections for the Stalking Horse Bidder (if any); (d) Bid Requirements; (e) the evaluation of Qualified Bids by the Debtors; (f) an Auction; (g) the acceptance of any Successful Bids; and (h) the designation of any B

***[29. due diligence 24.]*** f such investment for an indefinite period of time. Purchaser has been afforded full access to the books and records, facilities and personnel of the Acquired Entities for purposes of conducting a due diligence investigation and has conducted a full `due diligence` investigation of the Acquired Entities and is satisfied with the access and materials made available to it in connection with such investigation and the scope and results of such investigation. 4.8 Certain Arrangements. As of the date hereof, there 

***[29. due diligence 23.]*** t and is able to bear the substantial economic risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time. Purchaser has been afforded full access to the books and records, facilities and personnel of the Acquired Entities for purposes of conducting a `due diligence` investigation and has conducted a full due diligence investigation of the Acquired Entities and is satisfied with the access and materials made available to it in connection with such investigation and the scope and results of such investigation. 4.

***[29. due diligence 22.]*** able Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) or that a bid made by such bidder is not a Qualified Bid. Brendan Shea and Erik Overman at Lazard shall coordinate all requests for additional information and `due diligence` access on behalf of the Debtors. They can be reached at project.butterfly.2023.wg@lazard.com VII. Bid Deadline. Binding Bids must be submitted in writing to the following parties (the “Bid Notice Parties”) so as to be actually received no later than

***[29. due diligence 21.]*** g any Qualified Bidder) to consummate its contemplated transaction. Failure by an Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) to comply with such reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access may be a basis for the Debtors, to determine that such bidder is no longer an Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder, other than the Stalking Horse Bidder, if any) or that a bid made by such bidder is not a Qualified Bid. Brendan S

***[29. due diligence 20.]***  any Qualified Bidders) shall be through Lazard. B. Due Diligence from Acceptable Bidders (including Qualified Bidders). Each Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) shall comply with all reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access requested by the Debtors or their advisors and their respective advisors, regarding the ability of such Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) to consummate its contemplated transaction. Failure by an Acceptable Bidder (including 

***[29. Due Diligence 19.]***  Qualified Bidders). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bidding Procedures, all substantive direct communications, including any diligence requests, with Acceptable Bidders (including any Qualified Bidders) shall be through Lazard. B. `Due Diligence` from Acceptable Bidders (including Qualified Bidders). Each Acceptable Bidder (including any Qualified Bidder) shall comply with all reasonable requests for additional information and due diligence access requested by the Debtors or their advisors a

***[29. due diligence 18.]*** n Acceptable Bidder or such Acceptable Bidder’s duly authorized representatives to the extent provided in an applicable Confidentiality Agreement. The Debtors and their advisors shall coordinate all reasonable requests for additional information and `due diligence` access from Acceptable Bidders; provided that the Debtors may decline to provide such information to Acceptable Bidders who, in the Debtors’ reasonable business judgment have not established, or who have raised doubt, that such Acceptable Bidders in

***[29. due diligence 17.]*** out the prior written consent of the Debtors. The due diligence period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any due diligence information. In connection with the provision of `due diligence` information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors shall not furnish any confidential information relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction to any person except an Acceptable Bidder or such Acceptable Bidder’s duly authorized representatives to

***[29. due diligence 16.]*** supplier, or other contractual counterparty of the Debtors without the prior written consent of the Debtors. The due diligence period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any `due diligence` information. In connection with the provision of due diligence information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors shall not furnish any confidential information relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction to any person except an Acceptable Bidder

***[29. due diligence 15.]*** contact or initiate or engage in discussions in respect of matters relating to the Debtors or a potential transaction with any customer, supplier, or other contractual counterparty of the Debtors without the prior written consent of the Debtors. The `due diligence` period will end on the Bid Deadline and subsequent to the Bid Deadline the Debtors shall have no obligation to furnish any due diligence information. In connection with the provision of due diligence information to Acceptable Bidders, the Debtors sh

***[29. due diligence 14.]*** ptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking due diligence access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written `due diligence` provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data room for the benefit of all Acceptable Bidders. To the extent the Debtors provide any material written information to an Acceptable Bidder that the Debtors had not previously provided

***[29. due diligence 13.]*** table Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking `due diligence` access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written due diligence provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data room for the benefit of all Acceptable Bidders. To the extent the Debtors provide any materia

***[29. due diligence 12.]***  an electronic data room and reasonable due diligence information, as requested by such Acceptable Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any `due diligence` disputes that arise concerning any Acceptable Bidder and (b) prior to revoking due diligence access to any such entity. The Debtors shall post substantially all written due diligence provided to any Acceptable Bidder to the Debtors’ electronic data 

***[29. due diligence 11.]*** ality Agreement. Beginning on the date the Debtors determine that a party is an Acceptable Bidder, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors will provide such Acceptable Bidder with access to an electronic data room and reasonable `due diligence` information, as requested by such Acceptable Bidder, as soon as reasonably practicable after such request. The Debtors shall promptly consult with the Consultation Parties (a) with respect to any due diligence disputes that arise concerning any Acce

***[29. due diligence 10.]*** e Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive due diligence information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any `due diligence` without entry into a Confidentiality Agreement. Beginning on the date the Debtors determine that a party is an Acceptable Bidder, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors will provide such Acceptable Bidder with access to an elec

***[29. due diligence 9.]*** y deemed Qualified Bidders (and their Bids (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Credit Bids) are hereby deemed Qualified Bids with respect to the Assets. VI. Obtaining Due Diligence Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive `due diligence` information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any due diligence without entry into a Confidentiality Agreement. Beginning on t

***[29. Due Diligence 8.]*** aith Deposit requirement (whether for a Credit Bid or otherwise), are hereby deemed Qualified Bidders (and their Bids (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Credit Bids) are hereby deemed Qualified Bids with respect to the Assets. VI. Obtaining `Due Diligence` Access. Only Acceptable Bidders shall be eligible to receive due diligence information, access to the Debtors’ electronic data room, and additional non-public information regarding the Debtors. No Acceptable Bidder will be permitted to conduct any d

***[29. due diligence 7.]*** cific person(s) whom Lazard and Kirkland & Ellis LLP should contact regarding such Bid; As-Is, Where-Is: Each Bid must include a written acknowledgement and representation that the Acceptable Bidder: (i) has had an opportunity to conduct any and all `due diligence` prior to making its offer; (ii) has relied solely upon its own independent review, investigation, and/or inspection of any documents and/or the assets in making its Bid; and (iii) did not rely upon any written or oral statements, representations, pr

***[29. due diligence 6.]*** itions acceptable to the Debtors; e. f. g. h. Contingencies; No Financing or Diligence Outs: The Bid must not contain any contingencies as to the validity, effectiveness, or binding nature of the Bid, including, without limitation, contingencies for `due diligence` and inspection or financing of any kind (including any conditions pertaining to financial 4 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 29 Filed 04/23/23 Entered 04/23/23 17:53:54 Desc Main Document Page 60 of 158 i. j. k. l. m. performance, conditions, or prospects) and

***[29. due diligence 5.]*** 4 Desc Main Document Page 58 of 158 The Debtors, in consultation with their advisors, will determine and notify each Potential Bidder whether such Potential Bidder has submitted adequate documents so that such Potential Bidder may proceed to conduct `due diligence` and submit a bid (such Potential Bidder, an “Acceptable Bidder”). The Debtors shall promptly inform the Consultation Parties of any entity that becomes an Acceptable Bidder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the DIP Agent, Prepetition

***[29. due diligence 4.]*** list and general description of the Assets for sale (such Assets, the “Specified Assets”). III. Potential Bidder Requirements. To participate in the bidding process or otherwise be considered for any purpose hereunder, including to receive access to `due diligence` materials, a person or entity interested in purchasing the Assets or part of the Assets (a “Potential Bidder”) must deliver or have previously delivered to the Debtors the following preliminary documentation (collectively, the “Preliminary Bid Docum

***[29. due diligence 3.]*** ures contemplate an open and public marketing process with 18 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 29 Filed 04/23/23 Entered 04/23/23 17:53:54 Desc Main Document Page 19 of 158 minimum barriers to entry and provide Potential Bidders with sufficient time to perform `due diligence` and acquire the information necessary to submit a timely and well-informed bid. In addition, the Order provides that the Debtors may alter the Sale Schedule and/or run multiple Auctions as necessary, thereby preserving the Debtors’ ability to run a 

***[29. due diligence 2.]***  to encourage bidding and to maximize the value of the debtor’s assets”); In re Metaldyne Corp., 409 B.R. 661, 670 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2009) (“[b]idder protections are granted when a bidder provides a floor for bidding by expending resources to conduct `due diligence` and allowing its bid to be shopped around for a higher offer”). In overseeing an asset sale subject to an auction process, the bankruptcy court must weigh: on the one hand, providing for an orderly bidding process, recognizing the danger that absent

***[29. due diligence 1.]*** ”); In re O’Brien Env’t Energy, Inc., 181 F.3d 527, 535 (3d Cir. 1999) (recognizing that bid 16 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 29 Filed 04/23/23 Entered 04/23/23 17:53:54 Desc Main Document Page 17 of 158 protections “encourage a prospective bidder to do the `due diligence` that is the prerequisite to any bid by assuring the prospective bidder that it will receive compensation for that undertaking if it is unsuccessful”); In re Dura Automotive Sys., Inc., No. 06-11202, 2007 WL 7728109, at *90 (Bankr. D. Del. Aug. 15, 2


### ./BBBY/dockets/28.pdf
***[28. due diligence 4.]*** lated using the “gross rings” method, divided by the Retail Price of the Merchandise sold, calculated using the “gross rings” method. (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 

***[28. due diligence 3.]*** )(cid:11)(cid:9)(cid:16)(cid:14) Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 28 Filed 04/23/23 Entered 04/23/23 16:57:14 Desc Main Document Page 190 of 269 (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 

***[28. due diligence 2.]*** lated using the “gross rings” method, divided by the Retail Price of the Merchandise sold, calculated using the “gross rings” method. (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 

***[28. due diligence 1.]*** 5)(cid:11)(cid:9)(cid:16)(cid:14) Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 28 Filed 04/23/23 Entered 04/23/23 16:57:14 Desc Main Document Page 78 of 269 (iii) “Merchandise File” shall mean the Merchant’s books and records, as well as all files provided to Agent during `due diligence`. (iv) “Retail Price” shall mean with respect to each item of Merchandise (excluding a small amount of Merchandise classified as clearance, “web deals,” “as-is” or in-store special), the lower of the lowest ticketed, marked, shelf, Merchandise File, 


### ./BBBY/dockets/25.pdf
***[25. due diligence 1.]*** h the advisors to, and principals of, the DIP Lenders. Id. at ¶ 24. Despite the necessarily condensed timeframe for reaching a deal on postpetition financing, the Debtors marshaled information as quickly as possible and provided a number of critical `due diligence` items to the DIP Lenders. The parties engaged in hard-fought, arm’s-length negotiations in an effort to reach the best available materials terms under the circumstances. Id. Basis for Relief I. The Debtors Should Be Authorized to Obtain Postpetition

