
## ppl: Sussberg Declaration

Total hits: `26`

Dockets hit: `413, 617, 657, 956, 1209`

### ./BBBY/dockets/1209.pdf
***[1209. Sussberg Declaration 3.]*** ation. 12. Notice of the Application as provided therein is deemed to be good and sufficient notice of such Application, and the requirements of the Local Rules are satisfied by the contents of the Application. 13. To the extent the Application, the `Sussberg Declaration`, the Etlin Declaration, or the Engagement Letter is inconsistent with this Order, the terms of this Order shall govern. 14. The requirement set forth in Local Rule 9013-1(a)(3) that any motion be accompanied by a memorandum of law is hereby deemed s

***[1209. Sussberg Declaration 2.]*** . § 157(b)(2); and the Court having found that venue of this proceeding and the Application in this district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and the Court having found based on the representations made in the Application and in the `Sussberg Declaration` that (a) Kirkland does not hold or represent an interest 2 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application. 2 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 617 Filed 06/01/23 Entered 06/05/23 11:54:47 Desc Main 

***[1209. Sussberg Declaration 1.]*** Jersey (the “Local Rules”); and the Court having reviewed the Application, the Declaration of Joshua A. Sussberg, the president of Joshua A. Sussberg, P.C., a partner of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, and a partner of Kirkland & Ellis International LLP (the “`Sussberg Declaration`”), and the declaration of Holly Etlin, the Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (the “Etlin Declaration”); and the Court having found that the Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C.


### ./BBBY/dockets/956.pdf
***[956. Sussberg Declaration 3.]*** ation. 12. Notice of the Application as provided therein is deemed to be good and sufficient notice of such Application, and the requirements of the Local Rules are satisfied by the contents of the Application. 13. To the extent the Application, the `Sussberg Declaration`, the Etlin Declaration, or the Engagement Letter is inconsistent with this Order, the terms of this Order shall govern. 14. The requirement set forth in Local Rule 9013-1(a)(3) that any motion be accompanied by a memorandum of law is hereby deemed s

***[956. Sussberg Declaration 2.]*** . § 157(b)(2); and the Court having found that venue of this proceeding and the Application in this district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and the Court having found based on the representations made in the Application and in the `Sussberg Declaration` that (a) Kirkland does not hold or represent an interest 2 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application. 2 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 617 Filed 06/01/23 Entered 06/05/23 11:54:47 Desc Main 

***[956. Sussberg Declaration 1.]*** Jersey (the “Local Rules”); and the Court having reviewed the Application, the Declaration of Joshua A. Sussberg, the president of Joshua A. Sussberg, P.C., a partner of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, and a partner of Kirkland & Ellis International LLP (the “`Sussberg Declaration`”), and the declaration of Holly Etlin, the Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (the “Etlin Declaration”); and the Court having found that the Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C.


### ./BBBY/dockets/657.pdf
***[657. Sussberg Declaration 3.]*** ation. 12. Notice of the Application as provided therein is deemed to be good and sufficient notice of such Application, and the requirements of the Local Rules are satisfied by the contents of the Application. 13. To the extent the Application, the `Sussberg Declaration`, the Etlin Declaration, or the Engagement Letter is inconsistent with this Order, the terms of this Order shall govern. 14. The requirement set forth in Local Rule 9013-1(a)(3) that any motion be accompanied by a memorandum of law is hereby deemed s

***[657. Sussberg Declaration 2.]*** . § 157(b)(2); and the Court having found that venue of this proceeding and the Application in this district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and the Court having found based on the representations made in the Application and in the `Sussberg Declaration` that (a) Kirkland does not hold or represent an interest 2 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application. 2 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 657 Filed 06/07/23 Entered 06/08/23 00:26:10 Desc Image

***[657. Sussberg Declaration 1.]*** Jersey (the “Local Rules”); and the Court having reviewed the Application, the Declaration of Joshua A. Sussberg, the president of Joshua A. Sussberg, P.C., a partner of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, and a partner of Kirkland & Ellis International LLP (the “`Sussberg Declaration`”), and the declaration of Holly Etlin, the Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (the “Etlin Declaration”); and the Court having found that the Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C.


### ./BBBY/dockets/617.pdf
***[617. Sussberg Declaration 3.]*** ation. 12. Notice of the Application as provided therein is deemed to be good and sufficient notice of such Application, and the requirements of the Local Rules are satisfied by the contents of the Application. 13. To the extent the Application, the `Sussberg Declaration`, the Etlin Declaration, or the Engagement Letter is inconsistent with this Order, the terms of this Order shall govern. 14. The requirement set forth in Local Rule 9013-1(a)(3) that any motion be accompanied by a memorandum of law is hereby deemed s

***[617. Sussberg Declaration 2.]*** . § 157(b)(2); and the Court having found that venue of this proceeding and the Application in this district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and the Court having found based on the representations made in the Application and in the `Sussberg Declaration` that (a) Kirkland does not hold or represent an interest 2 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application. 2 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 617 Filed 06/01/23 Entered 06/05/23 11:54:47 Desc Main 

***[617. Sussberg Declaration 1.]*** Jersey (the “Local Rules”); and the Court having reviewed the Application, the Declaration of Joshua A. Sussberg, the president of Joshua A. Sussberg, P.C., a partner of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, and a partner of Kirkland & Ellis International LLP (the “`Sussberg Declaration`”), and the declaration of Holly Etlin, the Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (the “Etlin Declaration”); and the Court having found that the Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C.


### ./BBBY/dockets/413.pdf
***[413. Sussberg Declaration 14.]*** International LLP reviewed each entity in its records, as more fully described in the Sussberg Declaration, matching the incomplete or ambiguous name. 1 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the `Sussberg Declaration`. Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 413 Filed 05/20/23 Entered 05/20/23 16:35:26 Desc Main Document Page 67 of 141 SCHEDULE 1 List of Schedules Schedule Category 1(a) 1(b) 1(c) 1(d) 1(e) 1(f) 1(g) 1(h) 1(i) 1(j) 1(k) 1(l) 1(m) 1(n) 1(o) 1(p) 1(q) 1(r) 1(s) 1(t) 

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 13.]***  of the entities reviewed are incomplete or ambiguous, the scope of the search was intentionally broad and inclusive, and Kirkland & Ellis LLP and Kirkland & Ellis International LLP reviewed each entity in its records, as more fully described in the `Sussberg Declaration`, matching the incomplete or ambiguous name. 1 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Sussberg Declaration. Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 413 Filed 05/20/23 Entered 05/20/23 16:35:26 Desc Main Documen

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 12.]*** of the Debtors’ Application for the Entry of an Order Authorizing the Retention and Employment of Kirkland & Ellis LLP and Kirkland & Ellis International LLP as Attorneys for the Debtors and Debtors in Possession Effective as of April 23, 2023 (the “`Sussberg Declaration`”).1 Where the names of the entities reviewed are incomplete or ambiguous, the scope of the search was intentionally broad and inclusive, and Kirkland & Ellis LLP and Kirkland & Ellis International LLP reviewed each entity in its records, as more ful

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 11.]*** rwise noted, charges billed in foreign currencies are determined annually based on current U.S. charges at an appropriate exchange rate. 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 413 Filed 05/20/23 Entered 05/20/23 16:35:26 Desc Main Document Page 40 of 141 Exhibit B `Sussberg Declaration` Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 413 Filed 05/20/23 Entered 05/20/23 16:35:26 Desc Main Document Page 41 of 141 UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY In re: Chapter 11 BED BATH & BEYOND INC., et al., Case No. 23-13359 (VFP) Debtors.1 (Jointly A

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 10.]*** ation. 12. Notice of the Application as provided therein is deemed to be good and sufficient notice of such Application, and the requirements of the Local Rules are satisfied by the contents of the Application. 13. To the extent the Application, the `Sussberg Declaration`, the Etlin Declaration, or the Engagement Letter is inconsistent with this Order, the terms of this Order shall govern. 14. The requirement set forth in Local Rule 9013-1(a)(3) that any motion be accompanied by a memorandum of law is hereby deemed s

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 9.]*** . § 157(b)(2); and the Court having found that venue of this proceeding and the Application in this district is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1408 and 1409; and the Court having found based on the representations made in the Application and in the `Sussberg Declaration` that (a) Kirkland does not hold or represent an interest 2 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Application. 3 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 413 Filed 05/20/23 Entered 05/20/23 16:35:26 Desc Main 

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 8.]*** Jersey (the “Local Rules”); and the Court having reviewed the Application, the Declaration of Joshua A. Sussberg, the president of Joshua A. Sussberg, P.C., a partner of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, and a partner of Kirkland & Ellis International LLP (the “`Sussberg Declaration`”), and the declaration of Holly Etlin, the Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (the “Etlin Declaration”); and the Court having found that the Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C.

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 7.]*** , as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, and does not hold or represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates and has no connection to the Debtors, their creditors, or other parties in interest, except as may be disclosed in the `Sussberg Declaration`. Notice 29. The Debtors have provided notice of this Application to the following parties or their respective counsel: (a) the U.S. Trustee; (b) the Committee; (c) the Debtors’ 30 largest unsecured creditors (on a consolidated basis); (d) the agents

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 6.]*** e United States trustee. Fed. R. Bankr. P. 2014. 28. The Debtors submit that for all the reasons stated above and in the Sussberg Declaration, the retention and employment of Kirkland as counsel to the Debtors is warranted. Further, as stated in the `Sussberg Declaration`, Kirkland is a “disinterested person” within the meaning of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, and does not hold or represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates and has no connectio

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 5.]*** d 05/20/23 Entered 05/20/23 16:35:26 Desc Main Document Page 11 of 141 States trustee, or any person employed in the office of the United States trustee. Fed. R. Bankr. P. 2014. 28. The Debtors submit that for all the reasons stated above and in the `Sussberg Declaration`, the retention and employment of Kirkland as counsel to the Debtors is warranted. Further, as stated in the Sussberg Declaration, Kirkland is a “disinterested person” within the meaning of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by secti

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 4.]***  by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, and does not hold or represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates and (b) Kirkland has no connection to the Debtors, their creditors, or other parties in interest, except as may be disclosed in the `Sussberg Declaration`. 25. Kirkland will review its files periodically during the pendency of these chapter 11 cases to ensure that no conflicts or other disqualifying circumstances exist or arise. If any new relevant facts or relationships are discovered or arise, Kirkl

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 3.]*** unts to postpetition fees and expenses. 13 Case 23-13359-VFP Doc 413 Filed 05/20/23 Entered 05/20/23 16:35:26 Desc Main Document Page 10 of 141 Kirkland’s Disinterestedness 24. To the best of the Debtors’ knowledge and as disclosed herein and in the `Sussberg Declaration`, (a) Kirkland is a “disinterested person” within the meaning of section 101(14) of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section 327(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, and does not hold or represent an interest adverse to the Debtors’ estates and (b) Kirkland

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 2.]*** hese hourly rates are subject to periodic adjustments to reflect economic and other conditions.5 16. Kirkland represented the Debtors during the approximately nine-month period before the Petition Date, using the hourly rates listed above and in the `Sussberg Declaration`. Moreover, these hourly rates are consistent with the rates that Kirkland charges other comparable chapter 11 clients, regardless of the location of the chapter 11 case. 17. The rate structure provided by Kirkland is appropriate and not significantl

***[413. Sussberg Declaration 1.]*** te (as defined herein). In support of this Application, the Debtors submit the declaration of Joshua A. Sussberg, the president of Joshua A. Sussberg, P.C., a partner of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, and a partner of Kirkland & Ellis International LLP (the “`Sussberg Declaration`”), which is attached hereto as Exhibit B and the declaration of Holly Etlin, the Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., which is attached hereto as Exhibit C (the “Etlin Declaration”). In further support o

